🔥Xiaomi Mi A2 is only $209 right now (limited) - http://click.aliexpress.com/e/cXMSfnnv 🔥
When xiaomi reaches 10000$
IPhone cost a soul
I think I will be switching to android for my next phone. Apple keeps getting more expensive
I bought Xiaomi mi a2 and here's my experience.
!!! Longest comment on youtube ever!!!
I bought 4/64 version 4 days ago (I know it wasn't a long time ago, but these are my impressions).
Software is the best thing about this phone. It is a part of android one program (you get latest software updates), plus it has clean android, which means you get all apps (messages, contacts, phone, calculator, photos, calendar...) originally from google, and some xiaomi apps which you don't need to use or you can uninstall them. In-app design is mostly minimalist, I really like it.
Camera is very good, especially the front camera. I'm not an instagram person, but for an average user this camera is more than enough, I really like it.
Performance is excellent so far. I don't play heavy games, but I think it should handle it. For messenger, youtube (a lot), google, whatsapp and basic stuff, it's super fast.
Battery... I need to charge it every day. I charge it when I come back from school, then tommorow I go to school again and when I come back around 3-4 pm it has about 30% left. I currently use it all day everyday because I just got a new phone, I'm not just gonna leave it laying around 😁. My prevous phone was a samsung and I remember the battery was acting strange in the beginning, so I expect the battery to be ok after a few weeks. I charge it around an hour and a half with the airplane mode on. If I use it heavily after school, like I am doing right now, I juice it up for about 30 min before I go to bed.
Reading what I just said makes me think the battery is crap, but I just don't have a problem with it (yet).
There is no 3.5 audio jack, but you get a dongle so you can plug them in, but you can't charge it and listen to music at the same time. I thought it will be a problem, but now when I got the phone I'm perfectly fine with it. There is no sd card. 12 gb of the memory is used by the system. As a gallery app you have google photos, which means your photos can be saved on the cloud, so if you are short on storage, you can delete photos from the device and leave them on the cloud (that way you can only see them when you have internet connection).
Verdict: This phone should be enough for everyone, especially for non demanding users. If it had a better battery, it would be a perfect phone. Clean android and android one program are a huge + to this device.
Cons:battery, a little dimmer display
Pros: everything else is great
If you want me to write down my latest experience, reply this comment so I get notified.
How many of Lew's thumbnails are him holding a phone in the same angle?
Mi A2 is a crazy good deal, but Pocophone F1 is an even crazier deal.
I thought this could be my next phone until you mentioned the lack of a headphonejack.
I bought the 6/128gb version and after a month of usage I'm amazed at the quality for the price of the phone. The lack of the headphone jack is not the biggest problem, I got used to it pretty quickly. The camera is amazing, video stabilization is great and the dual cameras are not 12+5mpx it's 20+12mpx. The phone is snappy and super quick and I'll definitely keep buying Xiaomi phones.
It actually hurts me when u slam the phone on the table😐
I just got a mi A2 lite!
When I say "just got" I mean today
Hi people scrolling through the comments!!! Bless you and your family,and have a good week.😊😊
when your phone has same amount of ram as your pc
my pc (4gb ram)
mi a2 (4gb  ram)
If Xiaomi can get Poco/Mi phone into the android one programme...it will destroy that market segment.
Its 12+20 megapixels camera not 12+5 😏
WORKS IN CANADA ON BELLMTS.  I purchased this phone off AliExpress based on your review.  I got the 6gb 128gb model with screen protector and case.  Cost was $325cdn with shipping and took about 30 days to get.  I've used it for about 30 days know.  What a GREAT phone!!!  It was shipped with Android 8 Oreo.  Within the first week it was pushed the Android 9 Pie update.  The cameras are great and take amazing pictures.  The Android One experience is awesome!
My first experience with Xiaomi was with the Mi Band 2 fitness tracker / smart watch.  Cost was around $20 and did everything and more than a $150 fitbit.  Then upgraded to the Mi Band 3 fitness tracker / smart watch which has a few more features than the Mi Band 2 and is waterproof.  Cost was about $30.  No issues with either products.
From what I can tell Xiaomi doesnt make clones or junk.  They make their own products.  Not sure why the dont expand their products to the North America Market.
Please do a review of the Xiaomi Redmi note 7! Its really popular here in Asia!
Xiaomi Mi A2 is also on Amazon and you don't have to wait half a year to get it.
6:42 "Holy bananas" 



Huh...
I still don't understand why xiaomi release pocophone.

Wont that kill their A2 and redmi note series?
Something tells me that Xiaomi will overtake apple eventually. (edit: in terms of consumerism not product quality)
I was almost completely sold on this one, until he mentioned a dongle. There goes my excitement...
AOSP extended ALL THE WAY.
OxygenOS is cool too lol
No.1 brand in India xiaomi
Guys xiaomi are confusing their customers .. The MI A2 LITE  have some specs that are better than the MI A2 eg expandable memory, bigger screen to body ratio, headphone jack, quick charge 3.0 and 4000mAh battery but with a micro usb port and snapdragon 625 and also the MI A2 have some better specs over the lite version.. Like usb type C, snapdragon 660.. But doesn't support quick charge 3.0, headphones jack.. also doesn't have an expandable memory and the battery is not so promising..

 Im confused 😕  which one is better than the other???
Xiaomi make such good phones for such low prices.
Next review please Motorola one power!! Sir
I'm watching this video on my mi a2 😍
if you can get all this, why buy a $1000+ iphone? Apple prices are insane
I for one live emui on huawei phones. It's like a mix between Android and ios user interface
Have the Xiaomi Mi A1 now for about 8 months and must say it's by far the best phone i've ever had
Watching on Xiaomi Mi A2 👍
dude said youre  "limitating" your choices. pretty sure the correct word is LIMITING
still bettee than iphoen xr 😂 and xs max  garbage 😂
Crazy how Xiaomi doesn't make money selling cellphones. They earn by selling accessories and cat fur.
Finally the first world people are seeing that there are other devices rather Apple or Samsung
Me right now: Welcome To The Third World
Please do the Mi A2 Lite next! 




Great vid, btw :DDD
Any thoughts on Lenovo's Moto G-line or HMD's Nokia equivalent?
I have A1 & A2 but for max Google Fi, I need to buy another, Pixel too expensive!
Oh yeah now the offer is over and a new offer $150 (same website)
Watching this on the Mi A2. It's a good daily driver, with 6-9 hours of screen on time on Android 9.0.
Love how he zooms into his beard every time he takes a selfie
Not 12+5
It's 12+20 megapixel
It's crazy, because the A2 "Lite" version (which is cheaper and supposed to be worse), has at least 4 points where it's better than the regular "A2 version".
1 the A2 Lite it has a headphone jack vs the A2 doesn't, 2 it has a SD card slot which the A2 doesn't, 3 it has 4000 mAh battery which the regular one has 3000 (so lasts more), 4 it has a notch screen vs the regular one's regular screen (and the Lite with higher resolution too).
I got this as a birthday present today, i already love this <3
Watching this video on my MI A2
I have lite version of this phone.. its really Good.
Nokia 6.1 PPP Plus/X6? Seems pretty similar...
Just bought it. thanks man.great phone!!
Bro urs channel is out dated bro.
All the updates u'll do is outdated . 
BRING SO NEW AND BE UPDATED GUYS 
ITS 2018 NOW
I really hate Apple for starting the dongle trend
12+20 Megapixel!!! Not "12+5" Lew
Using MiA2 
But i think nokia give much better experience of stock android
I think u should try Motorola One power or Nokia 6.1 plus
My Mi A2 (6 GB RAM 128 GB Storage) on the way. Was just nervous I was having the best deal. Fears settled. 

Banged my arm just like you on the table. Now I have a swollen arm, a broken table and my neighbour is shouting from down below. But still, I shall still settle for the deal. oooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh.
Xiaomi A1 GPS not working all the time compared to MI Max 3.
moved from  NEXUS 6P to MI A2 LITE .. SATISFIED
:C if only F1 had android one (I know I can install rom but that's not the same)
Just ordered one, will keep me going until I can afford the P30 pro.
Xiaomi is killing it 🔥
just bought Mi A2 4GB/64GB Global for my wife. and she love it!
Get the mi A2 lite global version it is just good
it's 12+20 mp camera. 12 mp has more details and dynamic range but 20mp one gives better low light photos.
thanks
But the Poco F1 is another level!
These comments here ... OMG ... People, there is actually only ONE reason, why you wanna buy a Mi A2 or A2 Lite. Thats "stock android"! You just cant compare more expensive phones (like Pocophone or Honor Play) with also way different and often very overloaded skins on top of Android with like the A2! If you want a phone with just clean and snappy stock feeling, for this price range you wont get a better phone. Period!
Can you please do a review on Asus Zenfone Max Pro M2?
The nokia 6.1 plus!🔥
Must check it out
Watching this on my mi A1 😍
I am watching this from my Mi A2 Gold version right now. Me and my friends call it budget Pixel 2 lol.
The lite version of it is even better
Thanks your video made me by mi a2 and I am loving tjis device
Please, please to an Allview Soul X5 Pro presentation.
Watching this on Mi A2 the Phone is amazing
Every INDIAN MIGHT BE WATCHING this.
I ordered a Mi A2 Lite and have to say I love all of the features.  The price point is great as is the device itself.  Keep up the good work!
This guy is like Cisco from Flash...
xD i love it
Mine came in last week. Really enjoying this phone so far. Thanks for the unboxing it was really helpful.
Redmi Note 6 pro please.  
Also compare to Pocophone f1
Watching this on my MI A1...
Maybe 190$ on Aliexpress by Hong Kong Goldway.
how about nokia with stock andriod?
still in love with my A1, this brand is crazy good for its price tag
Haha so there are 4 universe now. DC, marvel, notch and dongle
He has started considering Xiaomi 😰😀 and when he unbox anything it is worthfull
OnePlus' Oxygen OS is the best skin on top of android
i'm with you on stock android!!!
sup bro thanks and love your show on phone reviews but could you please do a review on 
Xiaomi Redmi note 5 
please
Yeah ik it's amazing. I bought one for my nan and it's been so amazing.
ANY OTHER XIAOMI FAN..
Lew check out the the new NOKIA.
All their android device are Android ONE
some of them are tough fight for the A2
Just bought one of these today ,super impressed ,awesome build quality ,and runs buttery smooth ,highly recommend this
please do a review of ASUS Zenfone max Pro M1.
How about meizu newest devices? Do you have plans to have one of those? Meizu x8 for example. Thanks in advance!
From Philippines
Watching this using Mi A2
bought my Mi A2 thanks to your video.. thanks again <3
what do you recon on buying from TobyDeals UK?
Anyone know if this phone is compatible with Straight Talk? 
I appreciate any info. Thanks.
It's amazing, please buy it. It's absolutely great.
The rear dual camera is 12+20 mp not a 12+5
switch to OUKITEL K7 that will be something :D
Conscious late unknown perfect leap arrive off crowd scholar.
Do a vid on your choice of best budget phones
better camera with more or less same level specs? try do a video on Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 bro.
I might get this phone because its the only one out now that DOESN'T HAVE A NOTCH
Dear Unbox Therapy 
please do an unbox therapy on xiaomi mi mix 3..
It is really good. About the headphone jack problem: let's be real, who listens to music while charging anyways.
Watching this on the Mi A2 6 GB RAM Edition💙
Questions:
How do you remove the OK google bar?
How do you customize the app icons so that they wont have that white background?
i would buy the pocofone and install a custom rom on it
Oneplus does not carry Verizon cdma. What is a comparable phone that does?
Thanks
my next phone will probably be a xiaomi, oppo or huawei.
goodbye samsung
Pls try Redmi note 5 ai xiaomi
watched this and bought mi a2 not disappointed at all 👍 
thank you lou
Love Xiaomi, insanely cheap and good phones.
I buyed it and finally it delivered today ... This smartphone is insane
it's funny that the more budget A2 lite has a notch on it
If I buy this I'll have to buy a 2M C type cord because i only have old tuoe Cords XD
on this price nokia 6.1 and mi a2 are realy uniqe even vs 35% more expensive phones
Xiaomi challenges the overpriced brands for quality and affordable smartphones. Thanks Xiaomi you realized us how the other phones are overpriced.
Can you please do a video on your music? It's awesome!
I think u mean we have entered the dongleverse @ 2:48
🤔🤔 right Lewis??
would this work on metropcs band 4?
Easily the best phone for that price.
why you need mi a2 when you can get poco for similar price ?
Watching in a Mi A2 Lite
Back cameras are 12+20 not 12+5 megapixel
can you make differentiate between realme 2 pro and xiaomi mi a2...
Can xiaomi a2 lite run fortnite pls can you reply me I'm a big fun
can you do mi a2 lite next..
tq
I love my xiaomi redmi s2..... But tempted with this!!!!
Common misconception,but Xiaomi uses My UI.  My Mix 3, My 9... It's not a Wii.
Great Lew, all your selfies are consistent,so people can compare.👍 For that.
nokia phones are stock or Android one smartphones
and have good value too.
Hei Luis it's  Rear cam Iss 20:12 not 12:5
Try Asus Zenfone max pro M1
Love your video format and style, thanks 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
can you make a video for "xiaomi redmi note 6 pro" too :P
Does xiaomi miA2 compatible with 5G??
Nokia 6.1 plus and xiaomi note 5 pro 6gb,64gb varient which is the best buy
It has a dongle instead of a headphone jack, so pass.
Will the lite addition have an AM/FM receiver (not streaming) ?
You should make a Review about this phone and about this battery life !
Realme 2 pro Honor 8x and rn5pro
Don't believe the hype!
They're not that good. The screens burn out after 8 months
not 12+5 mp it's 12+20 mp
Rear cam : 12+ 5 ?  
6:47 min in this video.  Confused!
can u review Meizu 16th pls
Hey Lou did you already review the electric skateboard from Xiaomi?
Back cam is 12MP & 20MP.... Correct it please in your video...
The battery life is kinda bad, the a2 lite is batter at that, but still both are the best at that price
Thanks for the information. This is my phone. I want an NFC phone which I know the lite version lacks.
I like your channel very much it features tech like this not only flagships phones. More videos like this beard man. LOL
Finally got the red edition at $170 with full warranty.. Its a steal deal. Enjoying the stock android experience and cameras are top notch. 😊
It's 12mp + 20mp rear camera...what r u doing man..
Yo Lou, I dig your channel. But have you ever thought of putting a playlist from what music you have played to test your speakers, I am sure that a lot of us would dig it.
Can u tell us about infinix hot 6 pro @unbox therapy
A2 lite aka note 6 pro is a complete let down dude !! A2 rocks !❤️
I just got it , it's running Android 9 now , pretty good .
Можешь подарить  мне этот смартфон?
Xiaomi Mi 8 Explorer Edition WHEN??
stopping punching your desk! LMAO
I’m totally getting the lite version of this phone. Thanks for the in depth review. 💙
Please do on Honor 8x sir I wanna see
Pretty good phone for the price.
🔥🔥🔥 ANOTHER ONE If you wonder what track is playing at 5:15 it's called Petrified and uploaded recently by yours truly :D
A2 Lite is much better. Bigger battery, supports 2 SIM cards as well as expandable memory, all at a cheaper price.
if only it had headphone jacks and 4000 mAh battery i would get it but 3-4 hour uptime is unacceptable
A2 Lite is heavy, has more battery. My mom uses it
I got a Mi A2 courtesy of Xiaomi, and I am yet to use it! From my experience using Xiaomi phones in the past, their camera quality is really good!
Would you unbox the xiaomi redmi note 5 pro? I'm a xiaomi fan.
@4:07 Not really, Xiaomi is usually faster.
Not over in Canada, I'm UK based, but as I love your channel, would be cool to see you review the Nokia 7 Plus.... if you can get a hold of one
A2 is only $235 in India :)
This guy has started becoming a mi fanboy
you should review the mi 8 lite!! ❤️
The light version is something like half the power of this one btw
I have respect for someone who has respect for stock android  ^_^
I'm deciding between A2 Lite, Huawei P Smart, Samsung J6 and Motorola G6 Play for my mom...you're missing reviews of all 4 :/
Consider this phone: Redmi Note 5 pro
many say Nokia 7 plus is better (big battery, better camera and ... )
should review the Nokia 7 Plus
Which mobile is best to buy in budget minimum $300 n Ali express is safe to buy frm kenya
compare it with Nokia 6.1 Plus.
Still I can't afford it...
Do a review of Honor 8X
Lg g7 one. You gotta check it out. It's the best performing android one smartphone to date, and it's in  Canada my fellow Canadian👍
@2:02 Let's say, it is okay for the average user.
@3:17 The light version is actually not a Mi but a Redmi, a rebadged Redmi 6 Pro. It introduces the new notch design. They rebranded it in favor of uniformity.
Correction .. it is having 12+20MP Rear Camera Setup .. not 12+5MP
Sir is s8+ vs mi A2 which is the best
If everything goes well going for the A2 Lite😈
Anyone else watching this on a Xiaomi mi a2
6:46 it's not 12+5 
It's 12+20 megapixel
Watching with Redmi Note 5 Pro😁
Please do Mi A2 lite as well. :D
Mi A2 Lite? or Redmi note 6 pro?
I am watching you video on my Mi A2 😂😂😂
Huawei Y7 Prime 2018 , 199$ Dude its JUICE
I got Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Global 4/64 SD636 for 230$ week ago...
Had A1, now have this. Best for the buck. And stock Android on top of everything that's good. Love the phone.
Rear camera is not 12 + 5 but 12 + 20 megapixels. I don't get why they included a 20 mp camera for depth sensing. May be it's doing something else.

Edit: 20 MP secondary is used for night shots combined with primary camera.
the rear camera is actually 12 plus 20
The only things I miss in these are amoled displays
mi a1(4GB RAM) or mi a2 (3GB RAM)?
Your choice is good, it's super  video.👍🤗♥️♥️
Mi A2 SMOOTH CLEAR FAST ❤️
Will this work in Australia??
This is a great mobile for the price
I literally have this phone
My version has 20+12MP of rear camera (sony lens).
Do a review of a2 lite
Xiaomi Mi A2 vs Pocophone F1 which phone has the better deal going for it?
Can you please unbox the xiaomi a2 lite? I would really appreciate it
Broo back camera 12+20 not 5
Plz review Nokia 6.1 plus
This or the Moto G6 Plus - was thinking of the Xiaomo Mi A2 but the photo comparison does not look as good as the Moto G6 plus ??
Switch it to your daily driver!
I WILL GO FOR POCO F1
If it only had ois
..
watching on my modified Mi A2
I almost went for this but went for a Poco because it's processor is insane
Unbox therapy always puts quality videos.
No not nice IAM using mi a2
Does Netflix works in HD on Mi A2???
I got one and I love it might not change phones for 4 or 5 years I like it so much
Could you do a review on the Motorola G6? Very curious of what you think about it.
Watching in my redmi note 5 pro..😎😎
Make a video on vivo y83 pro festest fingerprint scenar
Maybe the honor 7X is at the same price range 😁😁
Do a video on the Umidigi f1
I just order one. But I am with Freedom mobile hope it works
Review Nokia 7 plus which also comes with Android one too
Xiomi MI A2 or Pocophone F1? I'm still deciding.
bought the blue one for my sister... it's really bang for the price point!
Redmi note 5 pro 

Check it
Correction about rear camera  specification, time stamp 6:48 you said 12+5 MP it's should be 12+20MP
If he starts Rapping one day his name should be Unbox The Rappy 😂 
Lol such a random thought ..
review the Nokia 7 plus!
Lee, try Meizu 16 plus
You are the Joe Rogan of the phone world! Good Review sir!
In India , Xiaomi gives 12 + 20 Rear Camera Setup.
Lol watching this from my mi a1
The project fi of Google, available in Mi A2 ?
Review about Blu phones? I guess?
Personally using the A2 Lite and it has a 4k mah battery. Its probably better than this imo.
We can also consider NOKIA X6/ 6.1+(India) it also comes with android one program, amazing build, sd636, descent camera, large battery," "3.5mm headphone jack""
You need a better knife... Get a  ka-bar usmc!
Plss review the redmi note 7!!!
Finally, i subscribed hahaha
Have had it now for 2 weeks. Really nice. VERY stable and unbelievable bargain. I am normally only into flagship phones but for fun I just bought this phone and must say you get around 85pct. flagship in this phone but the price is more than half the price if you compare it to the flagship phones. This is my first Xiaomi phone BUT NOT the last. Viva Android One.....
My xiaomi Mi A2 has bend like the iPhone 6, would you mins trying it? :(
Feature also the mi 8 lite .. thanks
Hey what about Nokia 6.1 plus... What do you think about it, that's also android one
Does anybody have problems with sound,like when you record video ...I have problems cause,the sound isn't so good
I've been searching for xiaomi phone's on ur channel before but had nothing. I was wondering because i mostly see OnePlus phones and etc and i thought ur advertising them, so no videos for xiaomi for my conclusion... 
 
And now a was really shocked because u now had xiaomi videos popping up recently.  I was wondering what's up that xiaomi got to ur channel now.  I've been a fan of xiaomi phone for 3years now. What i like is that. 

1.  xiaomi has a very big forum for their customers. You can basically chat and ask questions, contribute for development, support and etc  very easily. Moderator, admins, weekly prizes and events, it's very interactive and it shows that  xiaomi really cares for their customers. 

2. Android Software upgrades available.  My current phone here is Xiaomi Mi5s and its android version before was marshmallow,                  for around 4 month it got upgraded to nougat and soon oreo upgrade is coming. 

3. Xiaomi's interactive ui and default android phone rom called MIUI is very good. 

4. Support is very good(base on location).
Seeing this in my redmi mi a2 lite blue..... Love it...... The battery can last longer than my older phone. 😆 Even though i play game, it still can last long. More fun 😉
Xiaomi is great on the lower budget end and definitely worthier than the more notable companies' "budget phones " for 400$.
watching from mi A2 lite
i honestly feel like xiaomi's mi max series is where they shine at
They make a good Robot Vacuum Cleaner
Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 pleaaaasssseeee...
I think this is better than that
6:45 Isn't the rear camera 20+12MP?
is it better iphone’s SE camera or xiaomi mi a2 one’s. Need to know that please🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Can you do a unboxing of redmi note 6 pro
Correction.. Google is not pushing the ota updates..it is Xiaomi itself here in this case..and the latest update for August on mi A1 is having battery and speaker volume issues.
hehh!! I like the pun on notch with your cap going up and down again. .. dont know if that was not deliberate
Delayed animation, 10th of a second lol
Why don't you do a unboxing of the Lite Version? I think the A2 Lite is more popular then this version...
Bro... I want to install miui custom rom on my mi A2 device..... Is this possible...???
Lew is simply the best, period.
Plz motorola One power unboxing
The Moto one power is less expensive, has appreciable specs nd runs on android one
I own a Xiaomi Mi A2 Lite
All hail for xiaomi making good yet not overpriced phone. Xiaomi really making other same level brand to think twice before releasing overpriced phone or xiaomi will let them know that.
Thats not 12+5 setup is 12+20
Watched from MI A2
which one is better xiaomi mi note 6 pro vs mi 8 lite vs mi a2? In terms of camera?
Review the Asus Zenfone MaxPro M2
Nexus replacement =D
Mi a2 vs Realme 2 pro
Please let us know the battery life of mi A2 as well as camera comparison with poco f1. Cheers.
amzing phon fast   n teh the camera  beats  iphon 8 easy  even at low light
How about the a2 LITE?!?!
Lol no headphone jack? Rip no one's gonna buy it in India.
I just got the xiaomi mi a2 light and it is great
Watching on Mi A2 lite, its awesome :)
what a coincidence when you say that this thing is actually on sale 
how much are they paying you Lewis?
Do comparison between mi a1 vs note 7 pro because both are in same price range but a1 looks sexy
All the Nokia series is Android one lol
Antes que nada felicitaciones por el vídeo, excelente! Respecto al teléfono me parece muy bueno,lo tengo desde hace unas semanas,abrazo desde el fin del mundo, Argentina..
pls made a video NOVA 3I...
NO point buying this when you can get a xiaomi poco f1 for $40 us more. No point. Xiaomi competing with themselves lol.
Try Asus zenfone Max pro m1
Yes Indian like your channel so much
Just got my A2 and hell yeah!! For a super budget conscious person like me. BANG FOR THE BUCKS!
The only problem is 3.5mm headphone jack or it would be perfect. And I love notchless screen.
3:50 that one was for apple i guess😂
Battery did not last very long ....that's the Flipside of this phone !
For 80$ more, You can get the pocophone f1............






Hey just saying!
Just subscribed you. You're doing good job.
Can you please do the Redmi 1s
Xiaomi Mi A2 or Xiaomi Mi A2 lite is better ?
Hi...Plz do an unboxing of Nokia 7 Plus
Review the Redmi 5 Plus 4/64gb
Mi note 5 pro is way better in India then A2 having all cons cleared + released before . now poco for sure.
i was initially gonna buy Mi A2 until i heard of pocophone F1
Please do xiaomi mi a2 lite!! PLEASE!
asus zenfone max pro m1 / 6 gb ram
No heaphone jack and has a 3000mah battery biggest let down.
Aus Zenfone max pro m2 or mi a2 ?
lol didn't you check Nokia new smartphone
My god....he'd be lost if you cut he's arms off
I would prefer the Xiaomi redmi note 5
lol you didn't use the toy man for the camera test.
Is it worth to upgrade from iphone 6s?
Watching on my Xiaomi Mi A2 Lite
should i buy this phone or the lite version whats better?
Nokia 6.1 plus
Watching on poco f1 lol
Could you do a switching video with this?
Just ordered this one. I'm really excited
Mi a2 nice display. Power full gameing
Nokia 6.1 plus review please.
Who's watching this video on a Mi A2?
Which one better: 6gb/128gb Mi A2 or 4gb/64gb nokia 7 plus?
Mi a2 has Dual Camera Setup 12+20 mp not 12+5mp !!!
u must go and check the note 5 pro the most sold mobile of xiaomi...
Why Lew doesn't review Nokia phones??
Yeah It is a good deal. But You don't think that's good deal already have done with A1?
moto one power is mi A2 KILLER
You should do inbox of xperia zx3
What about zenfone max pro M1?
Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 is also a good option. AUX port and SD Card  or 2 sim cards. Has a mini USB tho.
omigawd this is such a good vid
Any A2 users with the battery drain allegedly caused by the fingerprint sensor??
I like the aggressiveness that you showcase in your presentation
Can u do one on the recent android one devices like moto one power and nokia 6.1 plus please
I would really love phones with front facing speakers again
Xiaomi A2 lite review?
Rear camera is 12+20 MP setup
Can this phone handle heavy games like PUBG or Asphalt?
Watching on mi a2 ... It's good and I've had it for 2 months
I was just thinking about this phone and your video appeared as if by magic...
Mi is ausm and budget phone and i love to use
Review Nokia 6.1 Plus
I like the speaker on this phon still needs more work
I got poco f1 today in sale.. 😱😱
I'm watching this video in mi A1. 😁
what is the back ground soundtrack?
Watching this phone on my mi a2 SUPER CRIIIIIIIIISPY!!!!
I use XIAOMI since Redmi 1s and then Redmi 2 , Mi4i , Redmi 4x and now using XIAOMI MiA1 ........ 

All products are GOOD ENOUGH ! and not overprice actually .. 😘😘😘😘😘😘

Greeting from Indonesia
Installed a Custom Pie Rom on my Redmi Note 5 Pro (whyred). Loving it so far :D
Bro you test the music is what music
How about the Xiaomi MI A2 Lite
Cant buy anything i have oppo f1s
You should review the Moto One Power...
I am thinking of switching back to an Android device from my IPhone. I want something that takes good video and has a good mic. Do you have a video I should watch?
If it doesn't have a headphone jack, I'm not buying it
I just ordered this phone based on this review. I'm upgrading from a motorola gen 2. Liked + subbed (:
Why don't you review Nokia 6.1+ unbox therapy!! ☺️👍
mi a2 or honor x8
Bought it also and I would say it's bang for a buck phone. You pay less but get more.
Mi mix 3????? We need that unboxing
talk about Elephone a5
hey Lew, don't be too lazy. Do some outdoor shooting with the phone camera. It's really easier to compare and analyze the camera quality that way. Every time the same plant is too boring and does not justify the camera performance in outdoor vs indoor.
Unbox Asus Zenfone max pro m1
What of the Google Pixel XL in 2018🤔
Whats the music called, where he tests the speaker
Headphone jack dongle is not cool
Its 12 plus 20 camera
Xiaomi Redmi Note 6 Pro
Try taking a jpeg. I edited it on lightroom and it behaves like RAW. I was like, dude wtf.
Try the Asus ZenFone max Pro M1
Dual camera setup 12+20 MP. Surprising fact - It has gorilla glass 5 and QC 4+ here in India. It has lot of value but certainly not the best bang for your bucks when there is poco f1.
settlement achieve statistics mom print summit appreciate deal barrel gym visit evidence aide
Does it support fast charging? And so as a2 lite.TIA!
I WANT A PHONE😢🙏🙏🙏
I got the A2 Lite for $140. Can't beat that.
Cool phone in this pric point
Please please please cut that background music off your videos. Your voice is good enough.
Xiaomi Mi A2 or Xiaomi Redmi note 6 pro ?
The camera is 20MP+ 12MP rear camera. Best mid-range camera phone .
After much years of apple I was going to android again with the honor view 10
Please do review of Nokia 6.1+.🙏🙏
Anyone tried "Molson Canadian"?
I only came here to find out how to pronounce Xiaomi.
the rear camera is not 16mp + 5mp... it's 20mp + 12mp...other than this a very nice review 😃
Saw this video on Mi A2 :)
how does this compare to the nokia 6.1 2018???
i'm using Pixel 2 as my daily driver, but for about two days i have second mobile phone - Xiaomi Mi A2. Phone is fantastic, but camera....i do not know how did you do so good selpie. Mine A2 cannot do this.
Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 and M2
This made me buy the MI A2.
SONG USED TO TEST OUT THE AUDIO 
Petrified by Jesse James
ENJOY !
No man. You did't check the audio quality . I just bought this device . Worst quality audio  even in headphones too.
I have started with Mi A1 year ago, and simply started to love AndroidOne experience and support. About week ago I've bought Mi A2 and now I'm learning my grandma to use it and it's on a great way :D :) AndroidOne is a great program, Sadly Mi A2 has no jack for headphones and no slot for sdCard, but it's not a problem with 64gb internal space and it comes with port for heaphones, or you can just do a step forward and use a bluetooth one.
The camera results for all phones you review are much better than results from everyday use, thanks to the studio lighting you've got there.
Is there any way to have both the charge cable and earphones/headphones/whatever plugged in at the same time in this device? Btw great video, very helpful!! Keep up!
software like google intended, hardware like apple intended
Do a vid on samsung galaxy a7 2018
but I has a mi a2 lite
They should have included a screenshot protector I haven't used it for a month and has many little scratches on it.
take a shot every time he hits the table
Lew, Chris is his channel "Techtablets" talks about three downsides of Xiaomi devices which are:
1-Poor calling sound quality, 2-Poor audio when recording a video and 3-Poor video recording.
Can you elaborate on those points please?!!
I upgraded from huawei y6ii to xiaomi mi a2 gold
do review Xiaomi 6 Pro pls
I have the higher version with 6gb/128gb. It's a beast!
Watching on my  Mi A1 😊
Android one is the best
Bro how to earn subscriber
I know that the rear cam is 12+20
Nokia x6.... It do have android one...
I swear to god if i see Van Hendrix here again
What about Mi A2 Lite?
Is that phone compatible with US providers ?
yeah realme 2 pro is 200 dollars and has a 13 mp front camera but i dont know why the 20mp front camera of poco f1 is very dimmer compared to realme.Its very confusing.But I confidently say that realme 2 pro is far better than poco f1 except gaming.






Recently realme 3 was launched
Damn. 
I wish I have money.
There is a better phone i guess Asus zenfone max pro m1.. You should check that out and make a video. Cheers!!!
Mine is xiami note 5 pro
He said the camera setup is 12mp+5mp when he test the camera but it actually has 12mp+20mp camera as it says on the box
Finally settled down on the Mi A2 6/128 model. I'm loving the phone so far and is far superior to the shitty 6s I had.
Xiaomi is invading US!!
Insert your sim
I see this video from the mi a2 and this is the best phone ever!!!!
Here it costs 350$ but I still got it cuz here in Serbia tech is too expensive
I'm watching this on Xiaomi A2 lite
make a video on real 2
Review nokia 6.1 plus
Watching this on my note 5 Pro love Redmi brand!!
i prefer huawei nova 3i over this
This is a seriously good device in the range. Xiaomi is finally putting up a decent camera among mid-rangers.
Nokia 6 2018 please
You can go for Xiaomi Redmi note 5 pro for faster finger print reader
Really miss nokia..from the begining...
Please do an unboxing video of mi mix 3
Does the Xiaomi MI A2 support 5g in Canada?
Checkout the Nokia 6.1 plus its also based on Android one..
Lite is better I'm using it now. Best phone I've ever used!
Review Moto g6
CAN you make a video for all the Indians. A little personalised to India maybe. With price and quality
Only if this phone have bigger battery, it will be the best
Mi note 5 pro..
Rare camera is of 12+20 megapixel
This phone or mi 8 lite?
nokia 6.1 plus
Mi a2 ki photo send krskte ho ky gold ki
This or the Nokia 7 plus?
I have the lite version
12+20 Mp Not 12+5 okay
I'm confuse which one i ll buy poco f1 or mi A2...please tell me
I totally agree with you on the fact that the skin that a lot of the manufactures put on their devices is keeping us with them, everyone likes familiar things.  I have an LG phone and I was looking for other phones that have the same abilities if you will that the LG has, like the double tap/knock to wake, the text mini window that pops up when you're on any app and you can respond from their without leaving that app/game and so forth.  I have gotten used to those simple yet dependable programs that I'm having so much trouble deciding on a new phone as my current one is slowly dying (dramatic...I know) but yet not wanting to leave behind that familiar program. (sigh)
no screen protector in the box?
Redmi Note 5 Pro. Absolutely a good deal.
Phone is good but memory card slot is not given
I have it
It is good
4GB RAM
64GB ROM
OCTA CORE
5.99 inch display
12+20 MP Rear Camera
20 MP Front Camera
MAN IT IS PRETTY GOOD FO ITS PRICE
BUT NO HEADPHONE JACK😢
I suggest Asus zenfone max pro m1 6gb ram /5000mah  battery
Redmi 6 pro is better
I bought one a few months ago amazing device bought it here in canada on amazon for 280$ after taxes
Song that he played?
Review the Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus
Hi!
This is a best phone under 300€ or 250$
Please do vivo v11 pro
I've bought that because you told and it is worth it
Would this work on metro pcs
Xiaomi products on unbox therapy
I can buy Xiaomi mi A2 for 220 dollars and the nokia 7 plus for 300, which one should I pick?
My mate 10 pro face hardware problem so I went to get a spare phone ,which is this. I fell in love with it and probably will stay with it though mate 10 pro might be better(camera actually r almost the same)
Talks too much hot air guff
Watching this from my xiaomi mi a2 lite 😊
Lew did you tried the ASUS Zenfone Max Pro 6GB variant, not good as Mi A2 but still good.
Lew does this phone has fast charging and slow mo video recording? Please respond
Xiaomi redmi note 5 pro
Do a video of Xiaomi Redmi note 5
which song does he use to test the sound?
I would have bought this if it had a headphone jack ffs
Why do I hear with just on speaker? When I block the left one it does the same
real me 2 pro may beat mi a2 in camera section
Review the xiaomi mi a2 lite pls I wanna see if it really has hardware that this one doesn't and how well it holds up for the price
Poco f1 is better🔥
If only Jack was present
Realme 2 Pro? Better than miA2?
The S7 edge can be bought for less than $250 right now so I think that's a better deal tbh
I like your review, no I love your reviews 😄
what you think about readmi note 7?
I have xiaomi a2 lite and you missed Google assistant...
Nokia 7.1 plus
I bought this phone after watching this video and after 1 month i gotta say im so happy with the phone overall and i love the camera :)
make video about the xiaomi mi 8
20MP + 12MP! not 12
where do you get these
music tones it is damn good
I prefer a2 lite.
I'm a big Xiaomi fan
If these phones had two usb ports, then maybe I might embrace the dongle lifestyle.
You got one info wrong. Mi A2 comes with a 12 + 20 MP camera, not 12 + 5
No headphone jack = Deal breaker
You are amazing
I blame Lew for tempting me buy so many phones and emptying my wallet.
can I take a moment to talk abt your hot looks , u are so handsome -
"holy bananaaaaaaas" - 6:42
Hey lew its not 12 plus 5mp its 12 plus 20 mp!
You are right, Android One program with a stock Android help users when they need to do something in their Smartphones. I bought 2 Android One devices, Nokia 6.1 for my Wife and Nokia 7 Plus for Me in order to change our aging Nexus 4 and even if we changed from Android Lollipop 5.1.1 to Android Oreo 8.1 we were not really lost in the menus ! I am exciting because I will receive the new Android Pie in September on my own device before most of all others users.... That is also the benefit of this Android One Program !
The lite version is a downgrade in the camera departement so that's mainly why i bought the "normal" mi a2
And you should buy a Xiaomi mi redmi note 5
should I buy Xiao mi A2 or the Zenfone 4 6g ver?
what do you guys think?
I'm probably skipping this one as I got a A1 last year, but It seems it's a way better deal. Better camera, better processor, same cost.
I got the Essential phone for $250 on Amazon Prime Day.
Correction: rear cam its 12 + 20mp not 12+5mp
,,, welcome to the dawn of "dongleverse"..
Man your the best I'm glad I found this channel I really want to step outside of the normal phone prison I'm sick of Iphone
Front dual camera ?? I'm using mi a2  black colour .. front one camera only
What do you think of the note 9? And could u do a video  on the in ear buds that comes with the note 9 . The brand is akg. They sound great would like to see your opinion on them !!! Thx brother
I thought I came here to sing, but luu you sent me home dancing.
What phone do u suggest me to use under MYR600... bet u reply this comment
Does it worth Buying , for its price im looking for a phone that like this price but more durable and gaming type
Xiaomi is very underrated.
But the Poco f1 is in another level.
Hi..hope you can make videos about tablets PC...Best price for gaming 😊
can I update that to Android 8?
For more or less $280 which mid range phone do think is the best?
What about the MI A2 LITE?
Damn looks great🤔🙌
Watching on MI A2
go video for Xiaomi MI 8 6gb ram
Had it for a week, camera is really really good, could not ask for more. Mi A2 128GB is the one to go for. Hopefully next version, bigger screen, more  battery and wireless charging would be sweet.
Redmi note 5 pro much better in this price segment
Is this phone compatible with tracfone?
Samsung j2 pro 2018 only 110$
Mi is 🤘 in 🇮🇳
I want that phone now 😎😎
I'm not early but lemme tell you a joke
"All nice stuff from google"
a2 is known for its camera
I was to see a Redmi 6, Redmi S2 reviews, they are very cheap but are they good?
Xiaomi rednote 5 is still better IMO coz of t he battery  life, expandable storage and a headphone jack, while the A2 has a type c port and better camera and also a better processor but it's not worth the sacrifice at least for me, oh and the Note 5 is also about 20$ cheaper
This was going to be my next phone until I took that headphone jack part a bit seriously. Like let's be honest, I watch porn a lot with my headphones on and simultaneously I like to plug in the charger. This way, life would be hard for me. Gotta do some research for another budget phone.
Coolest way to open a Box. No fancy knives etc. Just a thin small blade. My favourite kind of unboxing which is practical too coz it doesn't damage or make it loose. I just don't understand why some other people do all that fancy stuff just for the sake of it. Much love unbox therapy 🙏🏻
I bought the xiaomi a2. I am happy with this device. I just hoped there could be navigation bar can be changed , and there is always on display in the future.
Just recheck bro gsmarena shows MIA2 has dual rear camera with 20mp + 12mp But you r saying 12mp + 5mp
why do you speak so slowly
2:30 because Android One indeed for developing countries like India.
No headphone jack = no buy
Watching this video in my mi a2
I want freaking honor play phone pls Unboxtheraphy
Nokia 6.1 Plus
Realme 2 pro
what if i'm poor
Test the a2 lite trust me it’s good
I have it and I am fully satisfied by mi a2
I use mi a2 lite
I like it but its isn't worthy on specs😊
Unbox mi max 3
The smaller brother over here, the mi a2 lite.
Plz do the A2 lite one
I still don't understand why A2 Lite is better than the A2...
No notch yes buy
Apart from the lack of headphones Jack and small battery capacity, this phone's value exceeded it's price. I'm a miA2 user.
i wanted to watch this video for a review on the mi A1 instead he talks about android one :(
Watching from my iPad while waiting for my Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 arrives
This is Android One review.. Not Mi A2.. 😂😂
Mi a2 fans pls like
You've gotta try the Asus zenfone v
Did he say "limitating"? 7:41
The tin goes skraa
i would prefer the xiaomi redmi note 5 pro
Nice Bro
Rear cam is 12+20 mp.
Im watching this on my Mi a2 lite
This is the 2nd worst smartphone i bought, wifi get disconnected if the wifi get slow...and even Bluetooth headset keeps disconnecting.
5:15 the name, i'm gonna die if i don't find that cursed name
this phone is a mixture of the display and front of pixel 2 XL and the bacl of apple iphone X
i still think the oppo A73 is better
Realme 2 Pro in India
Best thing in this phone is Android one and lower price.
Rear Cam is 12+20! Not 12+5MP! U said 12+5! 😁😁
I prefer the lite version, it just looks better
5:14 music ?
5:14 music ?
Got my hands on this phone as well. Solid as hell. I kind of wish we had the bezel-less look at this too, but it's a powerful phone with a pretty decent camera. Oh on that note, the 120GB version has 6 gigs of RAM and has the 12mp + 20mp cameras at the back.
The lite one looks better lol
Nokia 6.1 plus
This would be the perfect phone if it weren't for the lack of microSD slot and headphone jack
Bought mi a2 after watching this
At 6:47 it's 12 +20 megapixel ( which is the only reason to buy it against poco 😑)
If not headphone jack they should have given atleast 4000 mah battery coz by using bluetooth plug in again and again it drains battery faster and just 3060 mah won't last for a day
Watching it in my mi a2 😗
I'm getting mine tomorrow! Bye P10 lite 🤣
i use a Xiaomi Mi A1, and works fine. i do not waste my money.
20+12 mp rear camera
mi a2🔥
Bad thing that this is now the most affordable phone with no headphone jack
Does Apple AirPods work on IT?
I got the black mi a2 and I got a smoked gray case
XIAOMI IS THE BEST
I think I gonna buy this phone... :)
This is my phone!
"All the nice stuff from google"
Laughs in Google Pixel 3 XL
what is the sar value of mi a2??
mi pad 4 unboxing
U said it is 12 + 5 but it is 12+20 rear camera and 20 front
What did you think about mi a2 lite
How its not lite if it has 3.5????
Other smartphone review i am sick man now its fuking smartphone therapy channel
Lenovo Z5 and Coolpad cool 1
Try to compare it to asus zenfone max pro m1 .. same mid range phone  ..
The DAC?? C'mon guys...give us some info on the headphone sound quality. Everyone uses their phones for music and none of these channels offers any information on the audio quality through headphones. Damn.
Poco Phone is much better Deal than the Mi A2 😝😝
Used essential phone or used v30
And i think that the xiaomi its better than ihone.ita how i think
@proteek55 email me
I'm surprised that you don't mention anything about the battery problem look up the complaints about this phone it drains the battery like no other phone
Hay lou.. Just want to say man... Your doing the dic move to much...lol.
Xioami 8 pro please
What did you mean about I meet a bunch of "you guys"?
When I watched this video I was so hyped , and I really wanted to buy the phone. I was like wow everyone's saying is a best-buy. And it really is. It's a really good phone , mid-range , on PUBG runs smoothly on Medium settings and minor lag on High. The camera , no words. A really good phone for it's price. The only thing that bothers me is the camera bump , other than that it's a amazing 10/10.
Epic review,but why do u listen to that kinda music.its so weird
Love From India 🇮🇳
Can you give me one smarthphone  even only the Ulephone power 5 ahahaha! I always check your phone reviews because you are very detailed in giving the specifications. Thanks!
Give the names of Xiaomi Phones you have if you r a Xiaomi fan
i don't understand how could he took the same selfies all the time
Money being equal, Here in S. America there is a $25 difference between the phones I'm going to mention.  How would you rank them from best to worst?
Pocophone f1; mi mix 2s; mi 8.  
I never use NFC, or Netflix.  Camera is important, and I want something that is going to work every time I turn it on without glitches.
Thanks.
poor people's IPhone, especially indians 😂
I'm using the previous version - A1, and have troubles with camera video recording. It can sometimes drop frame to 16 fps and video and audio goes out of sync. Seems that it's an OS problem. Can anyone suggest a solution?
I think Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro is a better phone than this. Specially with the 6gb RAM.
Lu what about moto g6...moto too has stock better built quality too.... I'm just saying 😃
Yes i have a better suggestions!! Its the Asus Zenfone Max M1 Pro 6 GB variant!! Have have used both of them and I feel the Zenfone is quite better !!
Is android one good? Should I get Xiaomi Mi a2 or the redmi S2?
I love how Unbox Therapy isn't a Phone Snob. Like just because it isn't a premium phone, or a high end brand, doesn't mean it deserves being looked down on. Alot of tech gurus and reviewers think just because they have experienced real high end means they can talk down on cheaper devices.. like they're not good enough or something. This is Very refreshing.
watching on my mi a2 😉
Watching this on my Mi A1, since my MacBook died also bought Xiaomi pad 4+.
What an experience btw Android & Xiaomi OS
Faak.. stock android is much better
wtf is the msic in the background today
Love your vids but what kind of cheesy site are you sending people to, to buy these phones???
Watching this with my xiaomi note 4. Little bit old yet still dependable. Still fighting with its 4000mah battery.
This one is best than p20 huawei?
Come on you should know turn off the animations in developer options will get rid of that
another good thing about that phone: it's not hard to take appart to change the battery, etc.
So why do they call the other one the "Lite" version, then?
Don't forget the 4$ phone 😂😂
Redmi note 5 or mia2?
just bought Xiaomi Mi A2...I LOVE IT SO MUCH😍
Mi A2 Lite
Is xiaomi paying him
Should i buy Redmi note 5 or this one Mi a2 and why?
Pocophone f1 vs mi a2 camera ?
I have this phone and it's my favorite phone I've ever had
Make on for redmi note 7 pro
Check out the Honor play AI it has kirin 970 flagship chip with GPU turbo technology..
Xiaomi Mi A2 or Xiaomi Redmi Note 5?
Is there sill problem with the proximity sensor or it has been fixed already???
Check out the Mi8 SE, it costs just 50 euros more, for that you're getting more performance, a glass-metal construction, Super AMOLED, bezzles are way smaller, it's quite a bit faster with a better, newer snapdragon chipset and it doesn't drop any of the good stuff from the Mi A2, it's basically the premium version, and it holds up much better in terms of value compared to some flagships.


Same with the Pocophone F1, it gets all the praise but for just a little more money you solve all the problems that the Poco F1 has, but it's so underrated
Is it Stock Android
U r best youtuber
Bought the device to try it out, overall a good device but WIFI connection is pretty weak (while my internet connection at home is very fast). All the antennas on this device seem weak while it's fine on paper. I tried reseting and updating and all that but the mobile connection and WIFI are on the low end, speed wise. Besides that it's a good device.
6:44 the rear cameras are 12mp and 20 mp...
It is true that some devices are more popular in order parts of the world.... I am watching this review because I am in Colombia and it seems a great option for me while I am here. Thanks for the review.
Good Deal... I’m in!
The rear camera is 12MP+20MP (20MP for low light)
U need to try redmi note 7 pro
It has 12 plus 20 mp camera
Good info but with all the flailing around and jumpy gestures I'm gonna need therapy myself. Settle down a bit lad.
Great camera in a very low budget 😋
6:46 it's not 12+5 ...  It's 12+20 .. fk
I WANT THAT RIGHT NOW.
you could put a small mirror behind your hand while you try the fingerprint, it would just be more convenient and classy :D
I also do unboxing videos
Name of song he plays in every video , it's too soothing and calm music
apple fanboys : buy $1000 phone just to watch youtube all day
Lew Bro. I am quite confused been using Samsung for a long time and i feel they are over priced for nothing. what do you think of the Mi A2 lite
I updated my mobile to miui 10 and it's amazing
does this phone do themes¡¿¡¿
It's really annoying how all these great budget phones don't have US bands .
What shall I buy? IPhone se or Xiaomi A2
PLS HELP 🙏🙏🙏
I'm gonna buy one
Xiaomi MiA2 (Miados) :v
it was all great, until there was no NFC, no tap to pay no using your phone for casual transactions, making it completely useless.   so angry.
I have bad experience with Androids getting slow over time and that's why I don't trust Androidone devices
How is the brightness on it? Looks really dark.
I don't know anyone who has this one I have a v40 and 90% of people don't know what the v-series is what a crazy world
Do Honor 8X pls!
Bro what's the song you played??? I can't find it
Try infinix note 4..please..
No headphone jack tho?
Watching this on MI a2
I'm very very very intrigued by this phone....cameras certainly seem good enough for me, really makes me reconsider the much more expensive iPhones or Galaxy's I was looking at....at a 3rd the price the OnePlus 6t will cost too o.O
You will replace it after week to galaxy s9+ 😂
Make video on mate 20 pro
Do the mi a2 lite version
Pocophone f1 or this one?
I have a Pixel XL, would you guys recommend me changing it for a MI A2?
Xiaomi vs Honor/Huawei
.
.
.
I will prefer the latter no matter what
Very rightly said. The stock android is a big pull. I am attracted to stock android as a iphone user who wants a dual sim.
Im watching this from my MI A2  lol
Is it possible to do WiFi Calling with it ?
Mi a2 has 12mp and 20mp rear camera
Where can I find the PokePhone or video he's talking about that's $300?
i needmsuggestions. im honna buy a new phone and im confused between xiaomi A2 and poco f1 , so i need help
Redmi note 6 pro is better
Lg G5 you can get it for 200$ used but in great condition. older android, but waaaay better insides + camera is still awesome.
Better deals are the Nokia 6.1 plus and the Redmi note 5 pro
Any review of Nokia phones Lew?
Lew is giving us options!
try a moto g5
Mi A2 or samsung galaxy s7 edge.  Which is better for buy?
Redmi note 5 pro review please sir
Hey do mi S2/Y2 unbox
Why don't you do Nokia phones??
Real me 2 pro
xiaomi is almost iphone performance... much better the price.. lower than iPhone thumps up..
crazy to think that these phones at this price point would compete and beat some flagship smartphones of a few years ago and even put up a fight with the new ones
Does this work with at&t?
The camera setup is not 12+5 instead its 12+20 and both lens can be used manually. The 20 mpx camera has pixel binning thing which assists in low light.
Try the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro. Similar device, same price point. But with a bigger battery and a headphone jack.
No Headphone jack sad
If it was waterproof then yes, but its not so no. I want access to the headphone jack even if its wet
Rear camera is actually 12+20mp and front camera is 20mp
Xiaomi Note 5 pro
What is sd card fit for this phone ?
Xiaomi's own Redmi note 5 is a better deal : Expendable Storage,  Bigger Battery , Almost as powerful "Snapdragon 636" , no imbalance, better display, almost similar camera experience .. sure it isn't Android One .. but there are stock android roms for it.
What phone should I get under 150?
Why can't xiaomi's flagships have android one
U can buy any phone but not xiaomi phone!xiaomi phones has a built in spyware inside its ram .thats why it’s that damm cheap !
what is that music??? The one where you were testing the loudness of the speakers.
I think redmi note 5 is better
just give me 1 phone. please
What about Battery life..Pls reply honestly
Mi a2 lite was better for me. You can use two sims plus sd card. Cpu isn't as fast, but I can't tell the difference. Also battery is 4000mah and it has a headphone jack. Has the notch but I like it. Doesn't get in the way
come back to India Jack ! thanks
Plz hive reviews about mi note 5 pro
So ths is what paid review looks like
Try realme 2 pro it's even better.....
Has anyone in the USA bought this device
Love from India
🔥🔥🔥🔥
a refurbished oneplus 3t with slightly higher price
I don't understand why people spend up to £1000 for a phone when you can spend £200 and get a phone of this quality?
If I order this can i take my sim card out and put it in from tmobile? Will it work
its 12+20mp not 12+5mp
Try the xiaomi redmi note 5
Xioami mi mix 3
2:36 unboxing starts
It's 12+20
Only a good deal if your a Chinese product supporter, in other words shove it.
Still mi a1 beats it...
In love with this phone 
And still my second choice in the range even after a year of use😍😍😍
First would be obviously pocofone✌️✌️✌️
U r very serious today
I am having asus Zenfone max pro m1 6gb varient at $210
I bought it just 5 minutes ago!
My xiaomi redmi had extreme HD camera its like a professional expensive HD cameras documentary makers use
Nokia X6/6.1 plus
That music sample you put to test the speakers, what song/beat is that!? - thanks in advance.
Plz review realme2
Honor play
What I the song you used for the sound test ?
One should also look at Asus Zenfone Max pro m1 for $150US and Guess what it has a headphone jack and a micro SD card slot which mi a2 don't. It's also stock Android phone but it's not Android one phone and camera is little worse than this but still pretty good for $150 and it has snapdragon 636 which is pretty good but lags behind a little bit in comparison to snapdragon 660
Edit- it has a 5000 mAh battery so you can go to hiking with this and leave your charger at home 😂(you will not find any power outlets in woods thought)🤣
5:14 song ? please ?
for me sound does not sound in sync..
Hey Lew October update is not out yet. Smart Lock is not working. And specially fingerprint makes all CPU cores locked at 100% clock speed. So was using with disabled fingerprint in order to get a good battery life. Fixes were requested but no response from Mi yet
Note 5 pro
How's Mi A2 compared to Nokia 6.1 Plus and Motorola One Power? All three of them are Android One powered and priced at around US$200+.
Im watching this on mi 6x 😭😭😭😭
No one can challenge mi with the price range
Hey do the video of redmi note 7
Please, have never seen Nokia phones being unboxed here...any reason?
I got the other version. Mi A2 Lite, I am using it right now.. 😃
Song name plzzzz any1
I am a mi user mi is the worst company I had ever used i becomes heat and lag very much during gaming
Is Nokia 6.1 batter then it ???
Which one is better... Mi A1 or Mi A2?
Can you trust that Aliexpress link? I don't have that good of experience with Aliexpress, like stuff normally doesn't arrive etc..
Mi a1 is better because it has a headphone jack and the mi a2 lite has a notch
Dear Unbox Therapy it is not 12+5 megapixels it is 20+12 megapixels
Is it the same with note 6?
I have mi a2
Three best mid range phones-
1. Pocophone F1
2. Honor Play
3. Nokia 6.1 Plus
Still prefer the Poco F1though, it looks better and it kinda affects me because every budget phone looks so generic nowadays that's boring to look at
well i love android but i hate their UI, not simple... thats why i love MIUI coz im are ex iphone user
Radioactivity
well your light was good
I have that exact color and it looks pink and not gold
Best phone ever
Software on a smartphone is the most important aspect for me.
I'm using a 2 years old OnePlus 3 and it's still getting regular updates, will be getting Android pie. It has never slowed down all this time.
I'm sure the skinned phones never get this much software support.
My next phone will be definitely a stock Android or almost stock like a OnePlus.
Do a review on mi  lite please let
Yr videos like a pro👌👌👌👌
I got the A1....
Give me, please.
You sold me on this phone!!! But am always looking for a 6.0 or bigger but at an affordable price. I know,I know, that is difficult to come by...but what about a phone like the Lenovo Phab 2 plus???? A phone like that  is what I'd prefer... but again, this one is great too...would love some advice... basically would like 32 or 64 gb, great sound, changing don't features,themes etc...things along those lines if possible
Would the Xiaomi Mi A2 work on any US cellular networks? Is there a difference with this and the global version?
Come to Pakistan
Im using a Cherry Mobile G1, this is the 3rd Year that i got this phone, an android one phone, 2GB RAM 16 GB storage. For me it is good cheap like $170 and better than an Iphone... I mean $220 for an Iphone with 2 GB ram, Bad screen durability. My phone dropped from a Moving Motorcycle and the only thing damaged was the battery having 2250 MaH now it can only survive 2-3 Hours. Its a budget phone really but im from a normal family in the Phillipines so i dont expect too much from them, but i want a better phone with 8.1 and atleast 3GB RAM and better battery life.
Yo review redmi note 7
Xiaomi that phone
i have a xiomi redmi note 5 pro in 200 bucks
I got one for my birthday in black and it came with a black silicone case and it has 128 gb
This doesn't have the telephoto lense like mi a1.
The mi a1 have the best audio output from audio jack. This is shit. It only haves good selfie camera and processor. But everything was much better in mi a1
Does this phone support wi-fi calling?
You came to india
What is that music running in the back?
youre selling headaches
Pls try Redmi 5a pro
Between this and Mi Note 3, I still chose Mi Note 3! Same chip but bigger battery. In my opinion, better camera. I don't need a full screen, the good old screen size is fine to me. Still, a headphone jack and an SD card slot would make the Note 3 much nicer!
I'd be clicking the buy button right this moment if it had NFC, i have gone too long without NFC.
Can it dual app like the redmi?
Xiaomi are the best budget phones available in india.
I  have bought the A2 lite version recently. And I have to say, I am impressed. 4/64 version gives u a smooth app performance with light gaming as it only have 61x processors. The batteries are good too. (4000mah).But Camera is not so good. And also, whats wrong with a headphone jack. It has everything u can ask for at around 180$.
I'm getting this one
Does it have one handed mode
Hi mate does the pocophone have a partition thanks.
Hello, thanks for the video man, I will say the Redmi note 5 its a good option too. Greetings from Colombia
Is this the next redmi note 4?
Lew is beginning to like Xiaomi....
This beucase a camera
I am using Mi a1 currently but if I had to upgrade this generation. I would not be getting a mi A2
The headphone jack removal is simply a bad move, the phone does not need to be thinner than it was back in Mi A1 (You can't even hold it without a case anyway). And the removal of the jack didn't even mean that more battery life was added to it, instead it was made worse?
One of the prime reasons I bought mi A1 was the 64 gig internal + 128gb expandable storage.
There is no options to expand your storage here.
And mi A1 had a dedicated digital to analog converter which is absent on Mi A2?
They may have improved upon the camera, but it is worse than Mi A1 on all aspects.
What are you hiding under your hat!!!!
unbox leagoo m9
i love android one.
I have the mi a2 ok it's a very good phone for gaming but the battery is really really bad I wish I had take the redmi note 6 pro
Moto G6 + or G5 +
Anyone who wants to buy this phone , please don't buy the 32GB version . It works very slow compared to the other versions and the phones with the same processor . The 64GB or 128GB are working fine and very fast .
If you want a better battery performance , just use battery saving app as Greenify and it will last longer and update to android pie when it releases , it will give you better battery performance .
Poco F1 OR MI A2?
Motorola one power
Can we trust the phone or is it going to be sending our information to the Chinese government?
What would you suggest on your perspective is a better phone to buy if i could increase my budget upto pocophone range mi a2 or pocophone..
WTF 😂 what kind of songs do u test man!!!!
Does this one break like a kitkat too
Iphones and Samsung are just overrated bunch of phones selling their names...
2:48 dongle universe😂
No NFC, no Google Pay. The only thing that is missing
Oof
Too much unnecessary movements.
For me it worthes it because I'm just 12 and I'm so happy because I earned my money and I bought the phone and im happy because its the first one I got by my self its the gold edition I was given also a screen protecter because the people at the shop were nice and the phone Worth's 200 dollars but for me it Worth's 1000 dollars I didn't pay 1000 but its the feeling of doing something new that was worth it
Can you give me a phone thank you
Which do you prefer ,the pocophone f1 or the mi a2?
Is this phone  good for play pubg ?.😁
How much in us dollar?
Please come in Pakistan Alsoo
So much awkward video
Xiaomi is best
Let's see ASUS Zenfone Max Pro M1
Killer for IPhone X
How is the battery life?hehehe
The Sico Nile X is cheaper than Mi A2 it is not good as the A2 but i think that the differance it 's not too big and the Nile X is really good compared to its price
Mi A1 is indeed an amazing device. I used it myself and loved it completely until I started facing ghost screen issue which Xiaomi couldn't fix and didn't replace. So I sold it and bought a Nokia 7 plus. The best part about Mi A1 is the amount of development it has. There are tons of amazing custom roms and kernels available for Mi A1 with the official twrp. Mi A2 still suffers in front of Mi A1 in terms of modifications.
This or POCO F1?????
u can get mi a2 for £160, they are very competitive
A2 do wireless charging guys ?
Honor 8x
Not too long ago flags smartphones were 499-699. Now 499-699 is budget. Let’s see what happens in the next 4 years
Rapid updates? Not with this Android one phone! Xiaomi are forgetting this is an Android one hand set.
Try the MI NOTE 5 PRO
i hate this phones foke mi a2
I use Nova Launcher because when I change phones I want the same experience. Would using an Android One phone make a difference to me?
No head phone jack
Less battery backup
No Fast charger in the box
Worst ram management
Very irritating brightness.


Its a worst deal.
Terbaik terbaik
I'm excited about this Xiaomi A2 ... Xiaomi can compete with Samsung yes?
5:18 can anyone tell me the name of that music please
moto one power or Mi A2 ?
Holy banana,,,,😂,,,, respect from Pakistan
I use xiaomi redmi
It's 12 and 20 mp not 12 and 5 mp
Something I don't hear Lew talking about with these devices is LTE. These global version phones that you have to buy from Ali Express, Gearbest, etc. don't have all the LTE bands for US users (not sure about Canada). I use Cricket (AT&T) and I would only have one LTE band, and it isn't the main one. I'm curious how much of an impact this would have on a day-to-day basis.
One of the best phones (In my mind) is the Asus ZenFone 3. 4100mAh and around 100 - 200$/€
What's the name of the song he plays on YouTube to check out the speakers? And no, it's not Darude - Sandstorm 😂
Loo can you wear a wig for a couple of episodes?
Does google pay support in Xiaomi Mi A2?
Just got the mi a2 and the phone itself is fantastic. The problem I have is the compatibility with Verizon.  Sadly it looks like I’ll have to try and sell it.
My suggestion is nokia x6.
sorry for that question but what lens do you use to capture that front face-to-face shoots?? that looks like a super wide lens but there is no distortion at all. is it laowa zero-d maybe??
What's better Mi A2 or the poco f1?
Can I use this in the USA with att
And BTW I got it for under 300 bucks !!!
Did he get paid lol 😂👍
No microsd?
Opinions please? This phone or the lite version? I like long battery life and speedy performance so.
Rear camera is 12+ 20mp
Samsung S7 rooted and it kills anything else coming out. Hahahahahahahaha
Please react to asus zenphone max pro m1
Any DRM issues?
I broke my iPhone X camera glass. I need a phone for work so bought a Mi A2 as a stop gap, intending to have the X repaired. I've not bothered repairing the X because the Mi A2 is a great phone. The price is amazing too.
hey guys i dropped the phone 1 time and now i cant turn on the phone with the power on button i have to use all 3 together but for turnoff it works tho does anyone know how to fix this?
It would be perfect with a much better battery life. It's just average
The rear camera has a 12+20mpx setup!
To they just need to make a poko Android one phone
The Mi A2 is actually better than the Pocophone F1 in USA.
weak battery?
What about Asus zenfone?
I prefer the A2 lite
Please please please i need the real me
Is this still a good phone
I love Android One!
Please use the pocophone f1 for 2 weeks
how many mi users here???
6:43 XD
Whats the name of the song?
Bruh do Huawei Y9 2019
I bought yesterday the 6 GB and 128GB version and I really love it !!!!! Love the premium feeling, the smoothness of the OS and the cameras.
Switched from and 16GB iPhone 6S Plus and I have to say, I’m very happy and satisfied with it !!!! It’s simply amazing !!!!!
No doubt why best selling smartphone in India :)
Great review !
Compared this thing with almost anything coming into its range, Honor 8x, Honor Play, Nova 3i, Nokia 6.1+ 2018, Nokia 7+, Oppo F9, Vivo V11. But its camera is coming on top, esp in low-light. 

For anyone who says that its camera is not that great, I'll only ask them for a better one in this price-range. Even 50$ more.
Are you OK ？
I'm gonna buying it
Watching this on My Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro and feeling like a 😎
what launcher does he use
what launcher does lew use?
will it supports apple earphone?
This or honor play???
Redmi note 5 better
You have to review the Samsung j7 skypro..walmart version.yes you heard me j7 skypro..i have an s9 and this thing is just as fast and actually responds better camera sucks though but for the price 150???GREAT PHONE
I bought this .....😁😁😁
I'm with you. I started using a Nexus in 2012. It was a Samsung Galaxy Nexus. I never wanted another Android device if it's not stock Android. I now have a Mi A1, and I'm loving it! I convinced my wife to get a Mi A2 Lite.
This phone is giving FLAGSHIP CAMERA IN MID RANGE Price

Value for money....
Lew i got u love Android one,So
I have a device i would like to suggest u and ask u to unbox and evaluate it.
Its a Chinese company.n i have seen good reviews about it.
Its 
Infinix Note 5 and Infinix Note 5 stylus.
In 200 to 250$ range.
What is the music at 5:16?
unpopular opinion but i actually don't mind notches that much.
I do kind of wish he took the phones out in the field...we're here for camera lmao..processing is easier to prove
Chinese phones are so Apple 😂😂
But xiaomi and samsung a made in the same country
I heard this would not get very good coverage in US is that true? Anyone in the US tried it? or should I get the Honor 7x
As far as I can see, on front side, A2 has an ambient light sensor, a proximity sensor and a camera. A1 had a problem - the proximity sensor was far from speaker and - depending where you keep the phone during call - it can fail to engage lock screen. Questions: where is the proximity sensor on A2 ? Near speaker or far right ?
Mi is the best
142 dislikes from Samsung fan boys
Watching in my mi a1 here..
rare camera is 12+20 mp
i have the lite
I hope I could get one
Review the Nokia 6.1 Plus, it's miles ahead of this trash
It's good deal for specs mentioned on paper not for what reality is. May b they r providing u good phones which is review product but what we get in Indian market comes with yellowish pic not as mentioned (i ordered frm mi.com).
This is such a bad phone, i mean who removes 3.5mm jack from a budget phone.? And the software is not optimised in proper way. It has a huge battery drain not even lasts till evening for moderate use. Totally disappointed..
Samsung is the best still ...
The day is near when Xiaomi will take over the world 😎
Hey Lewis.... Please Unbox Nokia 6.1 plus... The latest here in India.... At a similar price....a step down processor but much better build quality and a more reliable phone...
I think infinix note 5 is better
Dude, please do re-review for mia2 for the new pricing please.. and.. is it a steal deal for now ?
Does it have a removable battery?
The Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 is far way better than this one you just showed
I like xiaomi
Xiaomi  copy iPhone X camera
Give it to me!
Honar play
Honestly I can't understand the whole "stock android" thing. Sure, there are some restrictive skins that lock you to their experience, but usually you can just install whatever launcher you want and the stock Android apps are on the play store.

Yes, there's the settings menu, but honestly how often do you go into the settings after you get everything set up?
I have redmi note 5
Watching this on my Mi A2 lite. Very happy with it. My old pixel 1 broke and I bought this to hold me over until the pixel 3 comes out. This is very much like a budget pixel. Looks and feels like a pixel. Great battery life. I may not buy the pixel 3 depending on the specs and stay with this. I'm in the U.S. on T-Mobile if anyone is curious.
Lu check mi mix 3
Aren't there any taxes or customs in Canada/USA when buying from AliExpress? Here in Belgium I would pay €90 (104 USD) more for the Mi A2. So €303 instead of €214, which is a lot for the Mi A2.
PSA: NO LTE IN US DON'T BUY. I REPEAT, NO LTE IN THE US, DO NOT BUY. He really should have mentioned it, it is trap for US consumers.
It's not 12+5 megapixel camera it is 12+20 megapixel camera setup ! Unbox therapy make mistake.😀 In between 6:48
Unfortunately, it's over 300 dollars in Europe. Not as affordable as it should be, but it's still a nice phone.
XIAOMI REDMI
Good for gaming?
Nokia x6 is way more better than this
I am an Apple iPhone user, but considering the direction Apple is taking with their lineup (and the pricing) - this looks like an excellent phone to consider.
I bought a new Mi Max 3 phone at $270 on eBay for T-Mobile service . It is very bad. It has a lot issue to receive calls and text messages.  Bluetooth has connection issue also.  Never buy Mi phone again. it is junk.
If Lew like this phone, I like it too.
Redmi note 7 
Check it out
Lew, check out the Jio Phone 2. It is a keypad mobile with all functions a smartphone is capable of. With 4g connection!!
I'm a very simple man I use Facebook, Youtube, IG and Snapchat. I want a fast phone and good camera, dont care about other nonsense, is this the right one for me?
I can’t stand android phones that aren’t stock just drives me nuts
I still rock a xiaomi note 3 aside my iphone x ,and that shit is pretty solid for its time and bucks. Since I don’t use outside the home on 4g i forget when i charge that thing. Xiaomi phone are rock solid you cant go wrong with them.
Fantastic phone love you sir 😜👌India 17k
check out the newer nokias
the downside the headset men why the god damn earth humans erase how can you charge ur phone while listening music, except the Bluetooth headset but it decreases while in gaming in online
after 14 year of using youtube finaly I found my favorite youtube vlog / channel !!! I watch all the old videos everytime time before sleep ... I don't now ur name but thanks for being here :D Comment from Tunisian live in Oman
Poco is better
why?? all new phone is looks the same ?? like iphone .samsung oppo.etc!! why??😅😅😅
Song in 0:01 ?
actually best possible decision for a smartphone buy, Ill never again spend more than 300€ on a smartphone!!! very happy with it and had it for 9 months
I have a Nexus 5x but I intend to get the Xiami Mi A2 Lite but there are a few concerns. 
Firstly, its a downgrade from a Snapdragon 808 to a 625. Is the difference between the two processors going to have a significant impact on the experience/performance? 
Also, the LITE version doesn't have quick charging and is still USB 2.0 and I consider them a necessity at this point.
Are there any users out there that can share any similar experiences from changing, because these 2 aspects so far are an issue for me from switching.
It has face unlock
Android users low key want a phone that looks like the X but don’t want the iOS. 




(Commence the hate comments. 😂)
Please do a review on ASUS Zenfone max pro m1.
Mi A2 or Nokia 6X ...which one is better??
Looks like a pixel 2 XL but is actually worth buying.
So this or redmi note 5?
400 dislike= 400 Huawei fan bois
I am happy with my pocophone thats faster and better than this one
Dude how can I get any of these phones on T Mobile lmao
I have a mi a1
I already have this (since it was launched) phone and i have 3 main problems with it : 
1-no headphonejack (this is so annoying) 
2-the phone size is over   almost as big as note devices . 
3-the notification light is always blinking (even if i turned it off) .
The Xiaomi A2 Lite is better in my opinion.
I currently have a Samsung Galaxy S6, is the switch to the Xiaomi Mi A2 worth it?
Zte nubia m2
I miss it
I bought mi a2  two days ago, but the battery  drains very fast ..how to solve this .?
In Serbia this phone costs around $400
Yesterday I bought the Lite version because of Android One and 4000mAh
Try mi mix 3
saw it... bought it
I'm watching this video from my mi A2.
Nokia 6.1 Plus is cheaper and way better
Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 better from my point of view
its 12+20 megapixel
Please please please do a Sony phone review. XZ3
FKKKK man why didnt you post this video a month ago :((( I just bought a phone for 200 about a month ago
Sad to say but any phone withouba headphone jack its no for me haha
Just get a nexus 6. Youll be ballin
Why can't he unbox anything other than a phone o;
moto better than mi also price point
watching from the future.
Watching this from the xiaomi note 4
xiaomi mi 2 (me too)
Please a Redmi Note 5 video!!
We want another video on POCO
Infinix note 5
perfect cell phone
indian r crazy for mi phones.
I upload Sweet, Plump Grapes everyday until, well I don’t really know how long! But for a really long time!
Unbox the xiaomi redmi note 5 is better than this and cheaper! +1 if you agree
Reason why Apple costs so much:
Every company wants it
Everyone loves it
It has the biggest ideas in the industry

Change my mind
Ordered this 60 Days ago from Aliababa still don't have it
Hey Lou..what about Nokia 6.1 Plus comes with Android One and good hardware and in the same price range..?
Plz make the banana out of it.😉
I think you should try the moto g6 plus
outside china/india, the cost will add about $30-$50 or even more
Mi A2 vs Pocophone F1: Which would you pick and why?
Hey can you do a comparison on BB Evolve, Priv and Key2 Le..and what if I wanted to use Passport in 2018..is there a phone which equals the crazy design of Passport..
OnePlus to Xiaomi .....
Portrait mode is good if you use it for a human being
Worth remembering that the Nokia 7+ is Android One as well, and has more than decent cameras and build quality etc. And it was in the Pie beta and gets Pie stable in September.
you should do a video of the mi a2 lite too.
Xiaomi redmi note 5 is a good phone for 180$
Nokia 6 plus is much better than this phone
unbox therapy has the best reviews ... it may not be very detailed but it is fun to watch
I would love to visit India one day, where is a good place to visit?
Just watched the Poco Phone unboxing on my Poco Phone
I just can’t fucking stand how the design is a ripoff of the iPhone. Chinese smartphone manufacturers, it’s time to stop. The original is always the best.
Hello! You must try xiaomi mi 8 if liked pocaphone it has even better specs for almost same price
I say this every budget phone video! check out a company called "Umidigi" they cost far less than this phone and are better!!!. Please check ot out.
MI NOTE 5 PRO IS BETTER THAN THIS PHONE?
WHO AGREES?
Why does he never test normal features like making a phone call? Having loud speaker when talking with someone? Speaking with a lot of sound in the room etc etc.. or how nice it is to text with? How often the keyboard makes you press wrong button and so on
Mi note 5 pro is better than a2
Pure Android? Huge 5000mAh battery? Underrated brand? Try Asus Zenfone Max M1 ZB602KL. 😂
Can you please do a un-boxing and review of Nokia 6.1
You can try Redmi note 5 pro or Nokia 6.1 plus
Mi a2 lite has a notch display too
why doesn't every android manufacturer use AndroidOne. It would be so much more worth while for many manufacturers.
Why no one is considering Nokia 6.1 plus, check it out man
Have you reviewed the BLU VIVO XI+ yet? If so which of these 2 phones would you recommend?
Note 5 pro Redmi
Nokia 6.1 plus
Wot you say for rtx 2080
paid review 😂😂😆😛🤑🤑
How about XIAOMI NOTE 5 PRO?
Nah.. mine realme 6 gig and 128 gig is better
Redmi Note 5 or Mi A2?
Very interesting miA2 after using MiA1
Can you give me this one??
That phone looks similar to iPhone X. Also, almost every phone are similar to iPhone X
The music on these videos are getting more and more trash
XPERIA XZ2 premium unboxing plzzz
Stock android for the sophisticated Android users, only OS which is competing with Apples Ecosystem
Watching this on my Lumia 640 😂😂 old but gold. :) Noice review Lew.
I miss the old intro. 

Wassup guys, it luke from unbox therapy. 🤣
Hi can you please unbox the galaxy J8 (2018)
plz make a video on nokia x6 (nokia 6.1 plus)
Would this device work on the Verizon network?
Kudos for reviewing mid range phones too..
Xiaomi  = Best bang for the buck!
Back camera 21 + 12 MP. Pls correct it
can you make a review of Xiaomi mi max 3 it has 12000 battery power i want to know if its real or fake
Nokia 7 plus man! Have it since June and this device rocks! Android One phone, great design, headphone jack, expandable storage, great camera, battery is good... And right now it's between 300-350€ ! You have to unbox it! 😉
The Redmi Note 5 AI global version is a better choice. It's cheaper. Has a 4000mah battery and a headphone jack.
Can you give giveaways?  Ive always watch your vids and i want a powerful phone not the potato phone huhu 😭 im from ph by the ways.
Mi A2 lite !!
Watching from mi a2 lite...
Watching this on miA2
Love ❤️❤️
It is 12 + 20
Lost me at dongle
asus zenfone max pro
Asus Zenfone maxpro
Asus Zenfone max pro M1..
                 #1
Headphone jack.
SD slot, dual 4g, with SD636, 3gb,4gb,6gb. 128gb varient..
> Camera performance, NFC, IR remote sensor.
Watching this on a zenfone max pro m1 with gcam :D I love the budget segment thanks 2018 <3
zenfone max pro m1 , 64 gb storage 6 gb ram, 4000mah battery 🔋
Watching from my MiA2 pictures are crazy good honestly as good as my old s8 camera is better tho
my grandma has xiaomi redmi 5 plus but i have really old one that is xiaomi redmi 2
Xiaomi max 3 is good aswell
Using it as a daily driver 🔥
I have been waiting and researching for months unable to make a decision for my new phone. Here it is! Placing an order. Yay
i never used a samsung or iphone i stick with my xiaomi mi a1 xD
lewis, can you check out the new Nokia 6.1 Plus and make a video about it
Nokia 6.1... at the same price point
Xiao Mi makes really great phones,but some people are not able to see Xiao Mi's potential. I'm glad Lew finally notices Xiao Mi. They're a really creative and generous company. Their phones have decent prices and they're actually worth it. I hope more people get to notice Xiao Mi. And hopefully,Xiao Mi stays as the innovative and generous company they've always been.
Xiaomi misleading us with "Android One" ... They give security patches, but with every patch we get new bugs .. when I bought the phone,it was a awesome phone .. but day by day  sound, battery were decreasing,.... Lots of problem is there ... in India , people are crazy for Android one .we want to use stock Android set 
.. but Xiaomi failed .....
Sar is highest for mia1 so for wat is sar
“When I see something that looks and feels that Google intended. I GET REALLY excited.” I wonder how much he gets paid from Google for saying such a thing.
You can get Asus Zenfone max pro M1 6GB RAM variant.4$ more than this in india,but overall value for money against these one.😄😏😇😃👌
Better suggestion than a global version mid-range phone from China:
Refurbished Google Pixel.
Refurbished Google Pixel.
Refurbished Google Pixel.
Usually goes for about $200 on eBay or Amazon, has an insanely better camera (best of 2016) and has the latest version of Android (9.0 Pie) and has a headphone jack. Best phone under $300 in my opinion.
Can i ask u which phone of Xiaomi that good to ues???
Mi Fans Hit Like !
Includes paid promotion lew?
