🔥 Mi A is only right now limited 🔥 When cost a soul I think I will be switching to android for my next phone . Apple getting more expensive I bought mi a and here ' s my experience . ! ! ! comment on ever ! ! ! I bought version days ago I know it was n ' t a long time ago , but these are my . is the best thing about this phone . It is a part of android one program you get latest , plus it clean android , which you get all , , phone , calculator , , originally from , and some which you do n ' t need to use or you can them . In - design is mostly , I really like it . Camera is very good , especially the front camera . I ' m not an person , but for an average user this camera is more than enough , I really like it . Performance is excellent so far . I do n ' t play heavy , but I think it should handle it . For messenger , a lot , , and basic stuff , it ' s super fast . Battery ... I need to charge it every day . I charge it when I come back from school , then I go to school again and when I come back around it about % left . I currently use it all day everyday because I just got a new phone , I ' m not just gon na leave it laying around 😁 . My phone was a and I remember the battery was acting strange in the beginning , so I expect the battery to be after a few . I charge it around an hour and a half with the airplane mode on . If I use it heavily after school , like I am doing right now , I juice it up for about min before I go to bed . Reading what I just said me think the battery is crap , but I just do n ' t have a problem with it yet . There is no . audio jack , but you get a so you can plug them in , but you ca n ' t charge it and listen to music at the same time . I thought it will be a problem , but now when I got the phone I ' m perfectly fine with it . There is no card . of the memory is used by the system . As a gallery you have , which your can be saved on the cloud , so if you are short on storage , you can delete from the device and leave them on the cloud that way you can only see them when you have connection . Verdict : This phone should be enough for everyone , especially for non demanding . If it had a better battery , it would be a perfect phone . Clean android and android one program are a huge + to this device . : battery , a little dimmer display : everything else is great If you want me to write down my latest experience , reply this comment so I get notified . How many of Lew ' s are him holding a phone in the same angle ? Mi A is a crazy good deal , but F is an even deal . I thought this could be my next phone until you the lack of a . I bought the / version and after a month of usage I ' m amazed at the quality for the price of the phone . The lack of the headphone jack is not the biggest problem , I got used to it pretty quickly . The camera is amazing , video stabilization is great and the dual are not + it ' s + . The phone is snappy and super quick and I ' definitely keep . It actually me when u slam the phone on the table 😐 I just got a mi A lite ! When I say `` just got '' I mean today Hi people through the ! ! ! Bless you and your family , and have a good week .😊😊 when your phone same amount of ram as your my ram mi a ram If can get Poco / Mi phone into the android one will destroy that market segment . Its + camera not + 😏 WORKS IN CANADA ON . I this phone off based on your review . I got the model with screen protector and case . Cost was with shipping and took about days to get . I ' used it for about days know . What a GREAT phone ! ! ! It was shipped with Android . Within the first week it was the Android Pie update . The are great and take amazing . The Android One experience is awesome ! My first experience with was with the Mi Band fitness tracker smart watch . Cost was around and did everything and more than a . Then to the Mi Band fitness tracker smart watch which a few more than the Mi Band and is waterproof . Cost was about . No with either . From what I can tell doesnt make or junk . They make their own . Not sure why the dont expand their to the North Market . Please do a review of the note ! Its really popular here in ! Mi A is also on and you do n ' t have to wait half a year to get it . : `` Holy '' Huh ... I still do n ' t understand why release . Wont that kill their A and note series ? Something me that will overtake apple eventually . edit : in of not product quality I was almost completely sold on this one , until he a . There goes my excitement ... extended ALL THE WAY . is cool too No . brand in are their .. The MI A LITE have some specs that are better than the MI A memory , bigger screen to body ratio , headphone jack , quick charge . and battery but with a micro port and snapdragon and also the MI A have some better specs over the lite version .. Like type C , snapdragon .. But does n ' t support quick charge . , jack .. also does n ' t have an memory and the battery is not so promising .. confused 😕 which one is better than the other ? ? ? make such good for such low . Next review please one power ! ! Sir I ' m watching this video on my mi a 😍 if you can get all this , why buy a + ? Apple are insane I for one live on . It ' s like a mix between Android and user interface Have the Mi A now for about and must say it ' s by far the best phone i ' ever had Watching on Mi A 👍 dude said `` '' your . pretty sure the correct word is LIMITING still than 😂 and garbage 😂 Crazy how does n ' t make money selling . They earn by selling and cat fur . Finally the first world people are seeing that there are other rather Apple or Me right now : Welcome To The Third World Please do the Mi A Lite next ! Great , : Any on ' s G - line or ' s equivalent ? I have A & A but for Fi , I need to buy another , too expensive ! Oh yeah now the offer is over and a new offer same Watching this on the Mi A . It ' s a good daily driver , with of screen on time on Android .. Love how he into his beard every time he a Not + It ' s + It ' s crazy , because the A `` Lite '' version which is and supposed to be worse , at least where it ' s better than the regular `` A version '' . the A Lite it a headphone jack the A does n ' t , it a card slot which the A does n ' t , it battery which the regular one so more , it a notch screen the regular one ' s regular screen and the Lite with higher resolution too . I got this as a birthday present today , i already love this < Watching this video on my MI A I have lite version of this phone .. its really Good . . Plus / X ? pretty similar ... Just bought it . thanks phone ! ! channel is out . All the u ' do is outdated . BRING SO NEW AND BE ITS NOW I really hate Apple for starting the trend + ! ! ! Not `` + '' Lew But i think give much better experience of stock android I think u should try One power or . plus My Mi A RAM Storage on the way . Was just nervous I was the best deal . settled . my arm just like you on the table . Now I have a swollen arm , a broken table and my is shouting from down below . But still , I shall still settle for the deal . . A not working all the time to MI . from NEXUS P to MI A LITE .. SATISFIED : C if only F had android one I know I can install but that ' s not the same Just ordered one , will keep me going until I can afford the P pro . is killing it 🔥 just bought Mi A / Global for my wife . and she love it ! Get the mi A lite global version it is just good it ' s + camera . more and dynamic range but one better low light . thanks But the Poco F is another level ! These here ... ... People , there is actually only ONE reason , why you wan na buy a Mi A or A Lite . Thats `` stock android '' ! You just cant compare more expensive like or Honor Play with also way different and often very on top of Android with like the A ! If you want a phone with just clean and snappy stock feeling , for this price range you wont get a better phone . Period ! Can you please do a review on Pro M ? The . plus ! 🔥 Must check it out Watching this on my mi A 😍 I am watching this from my Mi A Gold version right now . Me and my call it budget . The lite version of it is even better Thanks your video made me by mi a and I am loving device Please , please to an Soul X Pro presentation . Watching this on Mi A the Phone is amazing Every MIGHT BE WATCHING this . I ordered a Mi A Lite and have to say I love all of the . The price point is great as is the device itself . Keep up the good work ! This guy is like Cisco from Flash ... i love it Mine came in last week . Really enjoying this phone so far . Thanks for the it was really helpful . Note pro please . Also compare to f Watching this on my MI A ... Maybe on by Hong . how about with stock ? still in love with my A , this brand is crazy good for its price tag so there are universe now . , marvel , notch and He considering 😰😀 and when he unbox anything it is ' Oxygen OS is the best skin on top of android i ' m with you on stock android ! ! ! sup thanks and love your show on phone but could you please do a review on note please Yeah it ' s amazing . I bought one for my nan and it ' s been so amazing . ANY OTHER FAN .. Lew check out the the new . All their android device are Android ONE some of them are tough fight for the A Just bought one of these today , super , awesome build quality , and buttery smooth , highly recommend this please do a review of Pro M . How about ? Do you have to have one of those ? x for example . Thanks in advance ! From Watching this Mi A bought my Mi A thanks to your video .. thanks again < what do you recon on from ? Anyone know if this phone is compatible with Straight Talk ? I appreciate any . Thanks . It ' s amazing , please buy it . It ' s absolutely great . The rear dual camera is + not a + switch to K that will be something : D Conscious late unknown perfect leap arrive off crowd scholar . Do a on your choice of best budget better camera with more or less same level specs ? try do a video on Note . I might get this phone because its the only one out now that DOES N ' T HAVE A NOTCH Dear Unbox Therapy please do an unbox therapy on mi mix .. It is really good . About the headphone jack problem : let ' s be real , who to music while charging anyways . Watching this on the Mi A RAM Edition 💙 : How do you remove the bar ? How do you the so that they wont have that white background ? i would buy the and install a custom on it does not carry . What is a comparable phone that does ? Thanks my next phone will probably be a , or . try note ai watched this and bought mi a not disappointed at all 👍 thank you Love , insanely cheap and good . I it and finally it today ... This is insane it ' s funny that the more budget A lite a notch on it If I buy this I ' have to buy a M C type cord because i only have old on this price . and mi a are even % more expensive the for quality and affordable . Thanks you us how the other are . Can you please do a video on your music ? It ' s awesome ! I think u mean we have the @ : 🤔🤔 right Lewis ? ? would this work on band ? Easily the best phone for that price . why you need mi a when you can get poco for similar price ? Watching in a Mi A Lite Back are + not + can you make differentiate between pro and mi a ... Can a lite run can you reply me I ' m a big fun can you do mi a lite next .. I love my But with this ! ! ! ! Common misconception , but My . My Mix , My ... It ' s not a . Great Lew , all your are consistent , so people can compare .👍 For that . are stock or Android one and have good value too . Hei it ' s Rear cam : not : Try pro M Love your video format and style , thanks 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 can you make a video for `` note pro '' too : P Does compatible with G ? ? . plus and note pro , which is the best buy It a instead of a headphone jack , so pass . Will the lite addition have an AM / receiver not streaming ? You should make a Review about this phone and about this battery life ! pro Honor x and Do n ' t believe the ! They ' re not that good . The burn out after not + it ' s + Rear cam : + ? : min in this video . Confused ! can u review th Hey did you already review the electric from ? Back cam is & ... . Correct it please in your video ... The battery life is bad , the a lite is batter at that , but still both are the best at that price Thanks for the information . This is my phone . I want an phone which I know the lite version . I like your channel very much it tech like this not only . More like this beard man . Finally got the red edition at with full warranty .. Its a steal deal . Enjoying the stock android experience and are top notch . 😊 It ' s + rear r u doing man .. Yo , I dig your channel . But have you ever thought of a from what music you have to test your , I am sure that a lot of us would dig it . Can u tell us about hot pro @ unbox therapy A lite aka note pro is a complete let down dude ! ! A ! ❤️ I just got it , it ' s running Android now , pretty good . ? Mi Explorer Edition WHEN ? ? stopping punching your desk ! I ’ m totally getting the lite version of this phone . Thanks for the in depth review . 💙 Please do on Honor x sir I wan na see Pretty good phone for the price . 🔥🔥🔥 ANOTHER ONE If you wonder what track is at : it ' s Petrified and recently by yours truly : D A Lite is much better . Bigger battery , as well as memory , all at a price . if only it had headphone and battery i would get it but hour is unacceptable A Lite is heavy , more battery . My it I got a Mi A courtesy of , and I am yet to use it ! From my experience in the past , their camera quality is really good ! Would you unbox the note pro ? I ' m a fan . @ : Not really , is usually faster . Not over in Canada , I ' m based , but as I love your channel , would be cool to see you review the P if you can get a hold of one A is only in : This guy becoming a mi you should review the mi lite ! ! ❤️ The light version is something like half the power of this one I have respect for someone who respect for stock android ^ _ ^ I ' m between A Lite , P Smart , J and G Play for my re missing of all : Consider this phone : Note pro many say plus is better big battery , better camera and ... should review the Plus Which mobile is best to buy in budget minimum n express is safe to buy compare it with . Plus . Still I ca n ' t afford it ... Do a review of Honor X g one . You got ta check it out . It ' s the best android one to date , and it ' s in Canada my fellow 👍 @ : Let ' s say , it is for the average user . @ : The light version is actually not a Mi but a , a Pro . It the new notch design . They it in favor of uniformity . Correction .. it is + Rear Camera Setup .. not + Sir is s + mi A which is the best If everything goes well going for the A Lite 😈 Anyone else watching this on a mi a : it ' s not + It ' s + Watching with Note Pro 😁 Please do Mi A lite as well . : D Mi A Lite ? or note pro ? I am watching you video on my Mi A 😂😂😂 Y Prime , Dude its JUICE I got Note Global for week ago ... Had A , now have this . Best for the buck . And stock Android on top of everything that ' s good . Love the phone . Rear camera is not + but + . I do n ' t get why they included a camera for depth . May be it ' s doing something else . Edit : secondary is used for night combined with primary camera . the rear camera is actually plus The only I miss in these are mi a RAM or mi a RAM ? Your choice is good , it ' s super video .👍🤗♥️♥️ Mi A SMOOTH CLEAR FAST ❤️ Will this work in ? ? This is a great mobile for the price I literally have this phone My version + of rear camera lens . Do a review of a lite Mi A F which phone the better deal going for it ? Can you please unbox the a lite ? I would really appreciate it Broo back camera + not review . plus This or the G Plus was thinking of the Mi A but the photo comparison does not look as good as the G plus ? ? Switch it to your daily driver ! I WILL GO FOR POCO F If it only had .. watching on my Mi A I almost went for this but went for a Poco because it ' s processor is insane Unbox therapy always quality . No not nice mi a Does works in on Mi A ? ? ? I got one and I love it might not change for or I like it so much Could you do a review on the G ? Very curious of what you think about it . Watching in my note pro ..😎😎 Make a video on y pro fingerprint Maybe the honor X is at the same price range 😁😁 Do a video on the f I just order one . But I am with Freedom mobile hope it works Review plus which also comes with Android one too MI A or F ? I ' m still . bought the blue one for my sister ... it ' s really bang for the price point ! note pro Check it Correction about rear camera specification , time stamp : you said + it ' s should be + If he Rapping one day his name should be Unbox The 😂 such a random thought .. review the plus ! Lee , try plus You are the Joe Rogan of the phone world ! Good Review sir ! In , + Rear Camera Setup . watching this from my mi a The project fi of , available in Mi A ? Review about ? I guess ? Personally the A Lite and it a k battery . Its probably better than this . We can also consider X / .+ it also comes with android one program , amazing build , , descent camera , large battery , '' `` . headphone jack '' '' You need a better knife ... Get a ka - bar ! review the note ! ! ! Finally , i Have had it now for . Really nice . VERY stable and unbelievable bargain . I am normally only into flagship but for fun I just bought this phone and must say you get around . flagship in this phone but the price is more than half the price if you compare it to the flagship . This is my first phone BUT NOT the last . Viva Android O My Mi A bend like the , would you trying it ? : Feature also the mi lite .. thanks Hey what about . plus ... What do you think about it , that ' s also android one Does anybody have with sound , like when you record video ... I have cause , the sound is n ' t so good I ' been searching for phone ' s on ur channel before but had nothing . I was wondering because i mostly see and and i thought ur advertising them , so no for for my conclusion ... And now a was really because u now had up recently . I was wondering what ' s up that got to ur channel now . I ' been a fan of phone for now . What i like is that . . a very big forum for their . You can basically chat and ask , contribute for development , support and very easily . Moderator , , weekly and , it ' s very interactive and it that really for their . . Android available . My current phone here is and its android version before was , for around month it got to nougat and soon upgrade is coming . . ' s interactive and default android phone is very good . . Support is very good base on location . Seeing this in my mi a lite Love The battery can last longer than my older phone . 😆 Even though i play game , it still can last long . More fun 😉 is great on the lower budget end and definitely than the more notable ' `` budget `` for . watching from mi A lite i honestly feel like ' s mi series is where they shine at They make a good Robot Vacuum Cleaner Pro M ... I think this is better than that : Is n ' t the rear camera + ? is it better ’ s SE camera or mi a one ’ s . Need to know that please 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 Can you do a of note pro Correction .. is not pushing the is itself here in this the latest update for August on mi A is battery and speaker volume . ! ! I like the pun on notch with your cap going up and down again . .. dont know if that was not deliberate animation , th of a second Why do n ' t you do a of the Lite Version ? I think the A Lite is more popular then this version ... ... I want to install custom on my mi A Is this ? ? Lew is simply the best , period . One power The one power is less expensive , appreciable specs on android one I own a Mi A Lite All hail for making good yet not phone . really making other same level brand to think twice before phone or will let them know that . Thats not + setup is + Watched from MI A which one is better mi note pro mi lite mi a ? In of camera ? Review the M Nexus replacement = D Mi a pro Please let us know the battery life of mi A as well as camera comparison with poco f . . phon fast n the camera easy even at low light How about the a LITE ? ! ? ! no headphone jack ? Rip no one ' s gon na buy it in . I just got the mi a light and it is great Watching on Mi A lite , its awesome : what a coincidence when you say that this thing is actually on sale how much are they paying you Lewis ? Do comparison between mi a note pro because both are in same price range but a sexy All the series is Android one Antes el , excelente ! al me , lo , el fin , .. made a video NOVA I ... NO point this when you can get a poco f for us more . No point . with themselves . Try pro m Yes like your channel so much Just got my A and hell yeah ! ! For a super budget conscious person like me . BANG FOR THE ! The only problem is . headphone jack or it would be perfect . And I love screen . : that one was for apple i guess 😂 Battery did not last very long s the of this phone ! For more , You can get the Hey just saying ! Just you . You ' re doing good job . Can you please do the s Mi A or Mi A lite is better ? H do an of Plus Review the Plus / Mi note pro is way better in then A all + before . now poco for sure . i was initially gon na buy Mi A until i of F Please do mi a lite ! ! PLEASE ! pro m ram No jack and a battery biggest let down . pro m or mi a ? did n ' t you check new My d be lost if you cut he ' s arms off I would prefer the note you did n ' t use the toy man for the camera test . Is it worth to upgrade from s ? Watching on my Mi A Lite should i buy this phone or the lite version whats better ? . plus Watching on poco f Could you do a switching video with this ? Just ordered this one . I ' m really excited Mi a nice display . Power full . plus review please . Who ' s watching this video on a Mi A ? Which one better : / Mi A or / plus ? Mi a Dual Camera Setup + not + ! ! ! u must go and check the note pro the most sold mobile of ... Why Lew does n ' t review ? ? Yeah It is a good deal . But You do n ' t think that ' s good deal already have done with A ? one power is mi A KILLER You should do of What about pro M ? Note is also a good option . port and Card or . a tho . this is such a good Any A with the battery drain allegedly by the fingerprint sensor ? ? I like the aggressiveness that you showcase in your presentation Can u do one on the recent android one like one power and . plus please I would really love with front facing again A lite review ? Rear camera is + setup Can this phone handle heavy like or Asphalt ? Watching on mi a ... It ' s good and I ' had it for I was just thinking about this phone and your video as if by magic ... Mi is and budget phone and i love to use Review . Plus I like the speaker on this phon still needs more work I got poco f today in sale .. 😱😱 I ' m watching this video in mi A . 😁 what is the back ground ? Watching this phone on my mi a SUPER ! ! ! ! I use since s and then , , x and now All are GOOD ENOUGH ! and not overprice actually .. 😘😘😘😘😘😘 Greeting from a Custom Pie on my Note Pro . Loving it so far : D you test the music is what music How about the MI A Lite Cant buy anything i have You should review the One Power ... I am thinking of switching back to an Android device from my . I want something that good video and a good . Do you have a video I should watch ? If it does n ' t have a headphone jack , I ' m not it I just ordered this phone based on this review . I ' m from a gen . + : Why do n ' t you review .+ unbox therapy ! ! ☺️👍 mi a or honor x Bought it also and I would say it ' s bang for a buck phone . You pay less but get more . Mi mix ? ? ? ? ? We need that talk about a hey Lew , do n ' t be too lazy . Do some outdoor shooting with the phone camera . It ' s really easier to compare and analyze the camera quality that way . Every time the same plant is too boring and does not justify the camera performance in outdoor indoor . Unbox pro m What of the in 🤔 Whats the music , where he the speaker Headphone jack is not cool Its plus camera Note Pro Try taking a . I it on lightroom and it like RAW . I was like , dude . Try the Pro M Dual camera setup + . Surprising fact It gorilla glass and + here in . It lot of value but certainly not the best bang for your when there is poco f . settlement achieve statistics print summit appreciate deal barrel gym visit evidence aide Does it support fast charging ? And so as a lite . ! I WANT A PHONE 😢🙏🙏🙏 I got the A Lite for . Ca n ' t beat that . Cool phone in this point Please please please cut that background music off your . Your voice is good enough . Mi A or note pro ? The camera is + rear camera . Best mid - range camera phone . After much of apple I was going to android again with the honor view Please do review of .+.🙏🙏 Anyone tried `` '' ? I only came here to find out how to pronounce . the rear camera is not + ... it ' s + than this a very nice review 😃 Saw this video on Mi A : how does this compare to the . ? ? ? i ' m as my daily driver , but for about two days i have second mobile phone Mi A . Phone is fantastic , but do not know how did you do so good . Mine A can not do this . Pro M and M This made me buy the MI A . SONG USED TO TEST OUT THE AUDIO Petrified by ENJOY ! No man . You did ' t check the audio quality . I just bought this device . Worst quality audio even in too . I have with Mi A year ago , and simply to love experience and support . About week ago I ' bought Mi A and now I ' m learning my grandma to use it and it ' s on a great way : D : is a great program , Sadly Mi A no jack for and no slot for , but it ' s not a problem with internal space and it comes with port for , or you can just do a step forward and use a one . The camera for all you review are much better than from everyday use , thanks to the studio lighting you ' got there . Is there any way to have both the charge cable and / / whatever plugged in at the same time in this device ? great video , very helpful ! ! Keep up ! like intended , hardware like apple intended Do a on galaxy a but I a mi a lite They should have included a protector I have n ' t used it for a month and many little scratches on it . take a shot every time he the table Lew , is his channel `` '' about three of which are : - Poor calling sound quality , - Poor audio when recording a video and - Poor video recording . Can you elaborate on those please ? ! ! I from to mi a gold do review Pro I have the higher version with / . It ' s a beast ! Watching on my Mi A 😊 Android one is the best how to earn subscriber I know that the rear cam is + It do have android one ... I swear to god if i see Van here again What about Mi A Lite ? Is that phone compatible with US ? yeah pro is and a front camera but i dont know why the front camera of poco f is very dimmer to . Its very . But I confidently say that pro is far better than poco f except gaming . Recently was Damn . I wish I have money . There is a better phone i guess pro m .. You should check that out and make a video . ! ! ! Mine is note pro He said the camera setup is + when he test the camera but it actually + camera as it on the box Finally settled down on the Mi A model . I ' m loving the phone so far and is far superior to the s I had . is US ! ! Insert your I see this video from the mi a and this is the best phone ever ! ! ! ! Here it but I still got it here in tech is too expensive I ' m watching this on A lite make a video on real Review . plus Watching this on my note Pro love brand ! ! i prefer nova i over this This is a seriously good device in the range . is finally up a decent camera among mid - . please You can go for note pro for faster finger print reader Really miss the ... Please do an video of mi mix Does the MI A support g in Canada ? the . plus its also based on Android one .. Lite is better I ' m it now . Best phone I ' ever used ! Review g CAN you make a video for all the . A little to maybe . With price and quality Only if this phone have bigger battery , it will be the best Mi note pro .. Rare camera is of + This phone or mi lite ? . plus Mi a photo send ho gold This or the plus ? I have the lite version + Not + I ' m confuse which one i buy poco f or mi A tell me I totally agree with you on the fact that the skin that a lot of the put on their is keeping us with them , everyone familiar . I have an phone and I was looking for other that have the same if you will that the , like the double tap / knock to wake , the text window that up when you ' re on any and you can respond from their without leaving that / game and so forth . I have gotten used to those simple yet dependable that I ' m so much trouble on a new phone as my current one is slowly dying know but yet not wanting to leave behind that familiar program . sigh no screen protector in the box ? Note Pro . Absolutely a good deal . Phone is good but memory card slot is not given I have it It is good RAM CORE . inch display + Rear Camera Front Camera MAN IT IS PRETTY GOOD ITS PRICE BUT NO HEADPHONE JACK 😢 I suggest pro m ram / battery pro is better I bought one a few ago amazing device bought it here in canada on for after Song that he ? Review the Plus Hi ! This is a best phone under € or Please do v pro I ' bought that because you told and it is worth it Would this work on on unbox therapy I can buy mi A for and the plus for , which one should I pick ? My mate pro face hardware problem so I went to get a spare phone , which is this . I fell in love with it and probably will stay with it though mate pro might be better camera actually r almost the same too much hot air guff Watching this from my mi a lite 😊 Lew did you tried the Pro variant , not good as Mi A but still good . Lew does this phone fast charging and slow mo video recording ? Please respond note pro Do a video of note which song does he use to test the sound ? I would have bought this if it had a headphone jack Why do I hear with just on speaker ? When I block the left one it does the same real me pro may beat mi a in camera section Review the mi a lite I wan na see if it really hardware that this one does n ' t and how well it up for the price Poco f is better 🔥 If only Jack was present Pro ? Better than ? The S edge can be bought for less than right now so I think that ' s a better deal I like your review , no I love your 😄 what you think about note ? I have a lite and you assistant ... . plus I bought this phone after watching this video and after month i got ta say so happy with the phone overall and i love the camera : make video about the mi + ! not where do you get these music it is damn good I prefer a lite . I ' m a big fan If these had two , then maybe I might embrace the . You got one wrong . Mi A comes with a + camera , not + No headphone jack = Deal breaker You are amazing I blame Lew for tempting me buy so many and my wallet . can I take a moment to talk your hot , u are so handsome '' holy '' : Hey lew its not plus its plus ! You are right , Android One program with a stock Android help when they need to do something in their . I bought Android One , . for my Wife and Plus for Me in order to change our aging Nexus and even if we from Android Lollipop .. to Android . we were not really lost in the ! I am exciting because I will receive the new Android Pie in on my own device before most of all That is also the benefit of this Android One Program ! The lite version is a downgrade in the camera so that ' s mainly why i bought the `` normal '' mi a And you should buy a mi note should I buy mi A or the g ? what do you think ? I ' m probably skipping this one as I got a A last year , but It it ' s a way better deal . Better camera , better processor , same cost . I got the Essential phone for on Prime Day . Correction : rear cam its + not + , , , welcome to the dawn of `` '' .. Man your the best I ' m glad I found this channel I really want to step outside of the normal phone prison I ' m sick of Front dual camera ? ? I ' m mi a black colour .. front one camera only What do you think of the note ? And could u do a video on the in ear that comes with the note . The brand is . They sound great would like to see your opinion on them ! ! ! brother I thought I came here to sing , but you sent me home dancing . What phone do u suggest me to use under ... bet u reply this comment Does it worth , for its price looking for a phone that like this price but more durable and gaming type is very . But the Poco f is in another level . H you can make about ... Best price for gaming 😊 can I update that to Android ? For more or less which mid range phone do think is the best ? What about the MI A LITE ? Damn great 🤔🙌 Watching on MI A go video for MI ram Had it for a week , camera is really really good , could not ask for more . Mi A is the one to go for . Hopefully next version , bigger screen , more battery and wireless charging would be sweet . note pro much better in this price segment Is this phone compatible with ? j pro only Mi is 🤘 in 🇮🇳 I want that phone now 😎😎 I ' m not early but me tell you a joke '' All nice stuff from '' a is known for its camera I was to see a , S , they are very cheap but are they good ? is still better coz of t he battery life , storage and a headphone jack , while the A a type c port and better camera and also a better processor but it ' s not worth the sacrifice at least for me , oh and the Note is also about This was going to be my next phone until I took that headphone jack part a bit seriously . Like let ' s be honest , I watch a lot with my on and simultaneously I like to plug in the charger . This way , life would be hard for me . Got ta do some research for another budget phone . way to open a Box . No fancy . Just a thin small blade . My kind of which is practical too coz it does n ' t damage or make it loose . I just do n ' t understand why some other people do all that fancy stuff just for the sake of it . Much love unbox therapy 🙏🏻 I bought the a . I am happy with this device . I just hoped there could be navigation bar can be , and there is always on display in the future . Just recheck dual rear camera with + But you r saying + why do you speak so slowly : because Android One indeed for like . No headphone jack = no buy Watching this video in my mi a I want honor play phone . Plus pro what if i ' m poor Test the a lite trust me it ’ s good I have it and I am fully satisfied by mi a I use mi a lite I like it but its is n ' t worthy on specs 😊 Unbox mi The smaller brother over here , the mi a lite . do the A lite one I still do n ' t understand why A Lite is better than the A ... No notch yes buy Apart from the lack of Jack and small battery capacity , this phone ' s value it ' s price . I ' m a user . i to watch this video for a review on the mi A instead he about android one : Watching from my while waiting for my Note This is Android One review .. Not Mi A .. 😂😂 Mi a like You ' got ta try the v Did he say `` '' ? : The tin goes i would prefer the note pro Nice Rear cam is + . watching this on my Mi a lite This is the worst i bought , get disconnected if the get even headset . : the name , i ' m gon na die if i do n ' t find that cursed name this phone is a mixture of the display and front of and the of apple X i still think the A is better Pro in Best thing in this phone is Android one and lower price . Rear Cam is + ! Not + ! U said + ! 😁😁 I prefer the lite version , it just better : music ? : music ? Got my on this phone as well . Solid as hell . I kind of wish we had the bezel - less look at this too , but it ' s a powerful phone with a pretty decent camera . Oh on that note , the version of RAM and the + at the back . The lite one better . plus This would be the perfect phone if it were n ' t for the lack of slot and headphone jack Bought mi a after watching this At : it ' s + which is the only reason to buy it against poco 😑 If not headphone jack they should have given battery coz by plug in again and again it battery faster and just wo n ' t last for a day Watching it in my mi a 😗 I ' m getting mine tomorrow ! Bye P lite 🤣 i use a Mi A , and works fine . i do not waste my money . + rear camera mi a 🔥 Bad thing that this is now the most affordable phone with no headphone jack Does Apple work on IT ? I got the black mi a and I got a smoked gray case IS THE BEST I think I gon na buy this phone ... : This is my phone ! `` All the nice stuff from '' in what is the sar value of mi a ? ? mi pad U said it is + but it is + rear camera and front What did you think about mi a lite How its not lite if it . ? ? ? ? Other review i am sick man now its therapy channel Z and cool Try to compare it to pro m .. same mid range phone .. The ? ? C ' mon us some on the headphone sound quality . Everyone their for music and none of these any information on the audio quality through . Damn . Poco Phone is much better Deal than the Mi A 😝😝 Used essential phone or used v And i think that the its better than how i think @ me I ' m that you do n ' t mention anything about the battery problem look up the about this phone it the battery like no other phone Hay .. Just want to say man ... Your doing the move to pro please What did you mean about I meet a bunch of `` you '' ? When I watched this video I was so , and I really to buy the phone . I was like wow everyone ' s saying is a best - buy . And it really is . It ' s a really good phone , mid - range , on smoothly on Medium and minor lag on High . The camera , no . A really good phone for it ' s price . The only thing that me is the camera bump , other than that it ' s a amazing . Epic review , but why do u listen to that so weird Love From 🇮🇳 Can you give me one even only the power ! I always check your phone because you are very detailed in giving the . Thanks ! Give the of you have if you r a fan i do n ' t understand how could he took the same all the time Money being equal , Here in S . there is a difference between the I ' m going to mention . How would you rank them from best to worst ? f ; mi mix s ; mi . I never use , or . Camera is important , and I want something that is going to work every time I turn it on without . Thanks . poor people ' s , especially 😂 I ' m the previous version A , and have with camera video recording . It can sometimes drop frame to and video and audio goes out of sync . that it ' s an OS problem . Can anyone suggest a solution ? I think Note Pro is a better phone than this . Specially with the RAM . what about too stock better built quality I ' m just saying 😃 Yes i have a better ! ! Its the M Pro variant ! ! Have have used both of them and I feel the is quite better ! ! Is android one good ? Should I get Mi a or the S ? I love how Unbox Therapy is n ' t a Phone Snob . Like just because it is n ' t a premium phone , or a high end brand , does n ' t mean it being down on . of tech and think just because they have experienced real high end they can talk down on .. like they ' re not good enough or something . This is Very refreshing . watching on my mi a 😉 Watching this on my Mi A , since my also bought pad + . What an experience Android & OS .. stock android is much better is the in the background today Love your but what kind of cheesy site are you sending people to , to buy these ? ? ? Watching this with my note . Little bit old yet still dependable . Still fighting with its battery . This one is best than p ? Come on you should know turn off the in developer will get rid of that another good thing about that phone : it ' s not hard to take to change the battery , . So why do they call the other one the `` Lite '' version , then ? Do n ' t forget the phone 😂😂 note or ? just bought Mi A LOVE IT SO MUCH 😍 Mi A Lite Is paying him Should i buy note or this one Mi a and why ? f mi a camera ? I have this phone and it ' s my favorite phone I ' ever had Make on for note pro Check out the Honor play AI it flagship chip with turbo technology .. Mi A or Note ? Is there sill problem with the proximity sensor or it been fixed already ? ? ? Check out the Mi SE , it just more , for that you ' re getting more performance , a glass - metal construction , Super , are way smaller , it ' s quite a bit faster with a better , snapdragon and it does n ' t drop any of the good stuff from the Mi A , it ' s basically the premium version , and it up much better in of value to some . Same with the F , it all the praise but for just a little more money you solve all the that the Poco F , but it ' s so Is it Stock Android U r best Bought the device to try it out , overall a good device but connection is pretty weak while my connection at home is very fast . All the on this device seem weak while it ' s fine on paper . I tried and and all that but the mobile connection and are on the low end , speed wise . Besides that it ' s a good device . : the rear are and ... It is true that some are more popular in order of the I am watching this review because I am in and it a great option for me while I am here . Thanks for the review . Good Deal ... I ’ m in ! The rear camera is + for low light U need to try note pro It plus camera Good but with all the around and jumpy I ' m gon na need therapy myself . Settle down a bit lad . Great camera in a very low budget 😋 : it ' s not + ... It ' s + .. I WANT THAT RIGHT NOW . you could put a small mirror behind your hand while you try the fingerprint , it would just be more convenient and classy : D I also do Name of song he in every video , it ' s too soothing and calm music apple : buy phone just to watch all day Lew . I am quite confused been for a long time and i feel they are over priced for nothing . what do you think of the Mi A lite I my mobile to and it ' s amazing does this phone do ¡¿¡¿ It ' s really annoying how all these great budget do n ' t have US . What shall I buy ? se or A HELP 🙏🙏🙏 I ' m gon na buy one : v it was all great , until there was no , no tap to pay no your phone for casual , making it completely useless . so angry . I have bad experience with getting slow over time and that ' s why I do n ' t trust How is the brightness on it ? really dark . I do n ' t know anyone who this one I have a v and % of people do n ' t know what the v - series is what a crazy world Do Honor X ! what ' s the song you ? ? ? I ca n ' t find it Try note No headphone jack tho ? Watching this on MI a I ' m very very very by this certainly seem good enough for me , really me reconsider the much more expensive or Galaxy ' s I was looking a the price the t will cost too o . O You will replace it after week to galaxy s + 😂 Make video on mate pro Do the mi a lite version f or this one ? I have a , would you recommend me it for a MI A ? Honor / . . . I will prefer the latter no matter what Very rightly said . The stock android is a big pull . I am to stock android as a user who a dual . watching this from my MI A Is it possible to do Calling with it ? Mi a and rear camera Where can I find the or video he ' s talking about that ' s ? i . buy a new phone and confused between A and poco f , so i need help note pro is better G you can get it for used but in great condition . older android , but better + camera is still awesome . Better are the . plus and the note pro Any review of Lew ? Lew is giving us ! try a g Mi A or galaxy s edge . Which is better for buy ? note pro review please sir Hey do mi S / Y unbox Why do n ' t you do ? ? Real me pro is almost performance ... much better the price .. lower than up .. crazy to think that these at this price point would compete and beat some flagship of a few ago and even put up a fight with the new Does this work with at & t ? The camera setup is not + instead its + and both lens can be used manually . The camera binning thing which in low light . Try the Note Pro . Similar device , same price point . But with a bigger battery and a headphone jack . No Headphone jack sad If it was waterproof then yes , but its not so no . I want access to the headphone jack even if its wet Rear camera is actually + and front camera is Note pro What is card fit for this phone ? ' s own note is a better deal : Expendable Storage , Bigger Battery , Almost as powerful `` Snapdragon `` , no imbalance , better display , almost similar camera experience .. sure it is n ' t Android One .. but there are stock android for it . What phone should I get under ? Why ca n ' t ' s have android one U can buy any phone but not phone ! a built in inside its ram . thats why it ’ s that cheap ! what is that music ? ? ? The one where you were testing the loudness of the . I think note is better just give me phone . please What about Battery life .. reply honestly Mi a lite was better for me . You can use two plus card . is n ' t as fast , but I ca n ' t tell the difference . Also battery is and it a headphone jack . the notch but I like it . Does n ' t get in the way come back to Jack ! thanks hive about mi note pro So is what review like Try pro it ' s even anyone in the bought this device Love from 🔥🔥🔥🔥 a t with slightly higher price I do n ' t understand why people spend up to £ for a phone when you can spend £ and get a phone of this quality ? If I order this can i take my card out and put it in from ? Will it work its + not + Try the note mi mix : It ' s + Only a good deal if your a product supporter , in other shove it . Still mi a it ... In love with this phone And still my second choice in the range even after a year of use 😍😍😍 First would be obviously ✌️✌️✌️ U r very serious today I am pro m at I bought it just ago ! My had extreme camera its like a professional expensive documentary use X / . plus That music sample you put to test the , what song / beat is that ! ? thanks in advance . review Honor play What I the song you used for the sound test ? One should also look at pro m for US and Guess what it a headphone jack and a micro card slot which mi a do n ' t . It ' s also stock Android phone but it ' s not Android one phone and camera is little worse than this but still pretty good for and it snapdragon which is pretty good but behind a little bit in comparison to snapdragon Edit - it a battery so you can go to with this and leave your charger at home 😂 you will not find any power in thought 🤣 : song ? please ? for me sound does not sound in sync .. Hey Lew update is not out yet . Smart Lock is not working . And specially fingerprint all locked at % clock speed . So was with disabled fingerprint in order to get a good battery life . were but no response from Mi yet Note pro How ' s Mi A to . Plus and One Power ? All three of them are Android One powered and priced at around US + . watching this on mi x 😭😭😭😭 No one can challenge mi with the price range Hey do the video of note Please , have never seen being unboxed reason ? I got the other version . Mi A Lite , I am it right now .. 😃 Song name any I am a mi user mi is the worst company I had ever used i becomes heat and lag very much during gaming Is . batter then it ? ? ? Which one is better ... Mi A or Mi A ? Can you trust that link ? I do n ' t have that good of experience with , like stuff normally does n ' t arrive .. Mi a is better because it a headphone jack and the mi a lite a notch Dear Unbox Therapy it is not + it is + Is it the same with note ? I have mi a Three best mid range - . F . Honor Play . . Plus Still prefer the Poco , it better and it me because every budget phone so generic nowadays that ' s boring to look at well i love android but i hate their , not simple ... thats why i love coz are ex user Radioactivity well your light was good I have that exact color and it pink and not gold Best phone ever on a is the most important aspect for me . I ' m a old and it ' s still getting regular , will be getting Android pie . It never down all this time . I ' m sure the skinned never get this much support . My next phone will be definitely a stock Android or almost stock like a . Do a review on mi lite please let Yr like a pro 👌👌👌👌 I got the A Give me , please . You sold me on this phone ! ! ! But am always looking for a . or bigger but at an affordable price . I know , I know , that is difficult to come what about a phone like the plus ? ? ? ? A phone like that is what I ' d prefer ... but again , this one is great love some advice ... basically would like or , great sound , do n ' t , along those if possible Would the Mi A work on any US cellular ? Is there a difference with this and the global version ? Come to a Cherry Mobile G , this is the Year that i got this phone , an android one phone , RAM storage . For me it is good cheap like and better than an ... I mean for an with ram , Bad screen durability . My phone from a Moving Motorcycle and the only thing was the battery now it can only survive . Its a budget phone really but from a normal family in the so i dont expect too much from them , but i want a better phone with . and RAM and better battery life . Yo review note that phone i have a note pro in I got one for my birthday in black and it came with a black silicone case and it This does n ' t have the telephoto like mi a . The mi a have the best audio output from audio jack . This is . It only good camera and processor . But everything was much better in mi a Does this phone support wi - fi calling ? You came to What is that music running in the back ? selling try a pro Between this and Mi Note , I still chose Mi Note ! Same chip but bigger battery . In my opinion , better camera . I do n ' t need a full screen , the good old screen size is fine to me . Still , a headphone jack and an card slot would make the Note much ! I ' d be the buy button right this moment if it had , i have gone too long without . Can it dual like the ? are the best budget available in . I have bought the A lite version recently . And I have to say , I am . version u a smooth performance with light gaming as it only have x . The are good too . . But Camera is not so good . And also , whats wrong with a headphone jack . It everything u can ask for at around . I ' m getting this one Does it have one handed mode Hi mate does the have a partition thanks . Hello , thanks for the video man , I will say the note its a good option too . from Is this the next note ? Lew is beginning to like X This a camera I am Mi a currently but if I had to upgrade this generation . I would not be getting a mi A The headphone jack removal is simply a bad move , the phone does not need to be thinner than it was back in Mi A You ca n ' t even hold it without a case anyway . And the removal of the jack did n ' t even mean that more battery life was added to it , instead it was made worse ? One of the prime I bought mi A was the gig internal + storage . There is no to expand your storage here . And mi A had a digital to converter which is absent on Mi A ? They may have upon the camera , but it is worse than Mi A on all . What are you under your hat ! ! ! ! unbox m i love android one . I have the mi a it ' s a very good phone for gaming but the battery is really really bad I wish I had take the note pro G + or G + Anyone who to buy this phone , please do n ' t buy the version . It works very slow to the other and the with the same processor . The or are working fine and very fast . If you want a better battery performance , just use battery saving as and it will last longer and update to android pie when it , it will give you better battery performance . Poco F OR MI A ? one power Can we trust the phone or is it going to be sending our information to the government ? What would you suggest on your perspective is a better phone to buy if i could increase my budget range mi a or .. 😂 what kind of do u test man ! ! ! ! Does this one break like a too and are just bunch of selling their ... : universe 😂 No , no Pay . The only thing that is missing Too much unnecessary . For me it it because I ' m just and I ' m so happy because I my money and I bought the phone and happy because its the first one I got by my self its the gold edition I was given also a screen because the people at the shop were nice and the phone Worth ' s but for me it Worth ' s I did n ' t pay but its the feeling of doing something new that was worth it Can you give me a phone thank you Which do you prefer , the f or the mi a ? Is this phone good for play ? .😁 How much in us dollar ? Please come in So much awkward video is best Let ' s see Pro M Killer for X How is the battery life ? The X is than Mi A it is not good as the A but i think that the it ' s not too big and the X is really good to its price Mi A is indeed an amazing device . I used it myself and it completely until I facing ghost screen issue which could n ' t fix and did n ' t replace . So I sold it and bought a plus . The best part about Mi A is the amount of development it . There are of amazing custom and available for Mi A with the official . Mi A still in front of Mi A in of . This or POCO F ? ? ? ? ? u can get mi a for £ , they are very competitive A do wireless charging ? Honor x Not too long ago were . Now is budget . Let ’ s see what in the next Rapid ? Not with this Android one phone ! are forgetting this is an Android one hand set . Try the MI NOTE PRO i hate this mi a I use Nova Launcher because when I change I want the same experience . Would an Android One phone make a difference to me ? No head phone jack Less battery backup No Fast charger in the box Worst ram management Very irritating brightness . Its a worst deal . I ' m excited about this A ... can compete with yes ? : can anyone tell me the name of that music please one power or Mi A ? Holy banana , , , ,😂 , , , , respect from I use It ' s and not and Something I do n ' t hear Lew talking about with these is . These global version that you have to buy from Express , , . do n ' t have all the for US not sure about Canada . I use Cricket AT & T and I would only have one band , and it is n ' t the main one . I ' m curious how much of an impact this would have on a day - to - day basis . One of the best In my mind is the . and around /€ What ' s the name of the song he on to check out the ? And no , it ' s not Sandstorm 😂 Loo can you wear a wig for a couple of ? Does pay support in Mi A ? Just got the mi a and the phone itself is fantastic . The problem I have is the compatibility with . Sadly it like I ’ have to try and sell it . My suggestion is x . sorry for that question but what lens do you use to capture that front face - to - face ? ? that like a super wide lens but there is no distortion at all . is it zero - d maybe ? ? What ' s better Mi A or the poco f ? Can I use this in the with And I got it for under ! ! ! Did he get 😂👍 No ? please ? This phone or the lite version ? I like long battery life and speedy performance so . Rear camera is + S rooted and it anything else coming out . Please react to pro m Any ? I broke my X camera glass . I need a phone for work so bought a Mi A as a stop gap , intending to have the X . I ' not the X because the Mi A is a great phone . The price is amazing too . hey i the phone time and now i cant turn on the phone with the power on button i have to use all together but for turnoff it works tho does anyone know how to fix this ? It would be perfect with a much better battery life . It ' s just average The rear camera a + setup ! To they just need to make a Android one phone The Mi A is actually better than the F in . weak battery ? What about ? I prefer the A lite Please please please i need the real me Is this still a good phone I love Android One ! Please use the f for how many mi here ? ? ? : Whats the name of the song ? do Y I bought yesterday the and version and I really love it ! ! ! ! ! Love the premium feeling , the smoothness of the OS and the . Switched from and S Plus and I have to say , I ’ m very happy and satisfied with it ! ! ! ! It ’ s simply amazing ! ! ! ! ! No doubt why best selling in : Great review ! this thing with almost anything coming into its range , Honor x , Honor Play , Nova i , .+ , + , F , V . But its camera is coming on top , in low - light . For anyone who that its camera is not that great , I ' only ask them for a better one in this price - range . Even more . Are you ？ I ' m gon na it Watching this on My Note Pro and feeling like a 😎 what launcher does he use what launcher does lew use ? will it apple earphone ? This or honor play ? ? ? note better You have to review the j you me j .. i have an s and this thing is just as fast and actually better camera though but for the price ? ? ? GREAT PHONE I bought this 😁😁 I ' m with you . I a Nexus in . It was a Galaxy Nexus . I never another Android device if it ' s not stock Android . I now have a Mi A , and I ' m loving it ! I convinced my wife to get a Mi A Lite . This phone is giving FLAGSHIP CAMERA IN MID RANGE Price Value for Lew i got u love Android one , So I have a device i would like to suggest u and ask u to unbox and evaluate it . Its a company . n i have seen good about it . Its Note and Note stylus . In to range . What is the music at : ? unpopular opinion but i actually do n ' t mind that much . I do kind of wish he took the out in the re here for camera is easier to prove are so Apple 😂😂 But and a made in the same country I this would not get very good coverage in US is that true ? Anyone in the US tried it ? or should I get the Honor x As far as I can see , on front side , A an ambient light sensor , a proximity sensor and a camera . A had a problem the proximity sensor was far from speaker and depending where you keep the phone during call it can fail to engage lock screen . : where is the proximity sensor on A ? Near speaker or far right ? Mi is the best from fan Watching in my mi a here .. rare camera is + i have the lite I hope I could get one Review the . Plus , it ' s ahead of this trash It ' s good deal for specs on paper not for what reality is . May b they r providing u good which is review product but what we get in market comes with yellowish pic not as i ordered . This is such a bad phone , i mean who . jack from a budget phone . ? And the is not in proper way . It a huge battery drain not even till evening for moderate use . Totally disappointed .. is the best still ... The day is near when will take over the world 😎 Hey L Please Unbox . plus ... The latest here in I At a similar step down processor but much better build quality and a more reliable phone ... I think note is better Dude , please do re - review for for the new please .. and .. is it a steal deal for now ? Does it have a removable battery ? The Note is far way better than this one you just I like copy X camera Give it to me ! play Honestly I ca n ' t understand the whole `` stock android '' thing . Sure , there are some restrictive that lock you to their experience , but usually you can just install whatever launcher you want and the stock Android are on the play store . Yes , there ' s the menu , but honestly how often do you go into the after you get everything set up ? I have note Watching this on my Mi A lite . Very happy with it . My old broke and I bought this to hold me over until the comes out . This is very much like a budget . and like a . Great battery life . I may not buy the depending on the specs and stay with this . I ' m in the U . S . on T - Mobile if anyone is curious . check mi mix Are n ' t there any or customs in Canada / when from ? Here in I would pay € more for the Mi A . So € instead of € , which is a lot for the Mi A . : NO IN US DO N ' T BUY . I REPEAT , NO IN THE US , DO NOT BUY . He really should have it , it is trap for US . It ' s not + camera it is + camera setup ! Unbox therapy make mistake .😀 In between : Unfortunately , it ' s over in . Not as affordable as it should be , but it ' s still a nice phone . Good for gaming ? x is way more better than this I am an Apple user , but considering the direction Apple is taking with their and the this like an excellent phone to consider . I bought a new Mi phone at on for T - Mobile service . It is very bad . It a lot issue to receive and text . connection issue also . Never buy Mi phone again . it is junk . If Lew like this phone , I like it too . note Check it out Lew , check out the Phone . It is a mobile with all a is capable of . With g connection ! ! I ' m a very simple man I use , , and . I want a fast phone and good camera , dont care about other nonsense , is this the right one for me ? I can ’ t stand android that ’ t stock just me I still rock a note aside my x , and that is pretty solid for its time and . Since I don ’ t use outside the home on g i forget when i charge that thing . phone are rock solid you cant go wrong with them . Fantastic phone love you sir 😜👌 k check out the the downside the headset men why the god damn earth erase how can you charge ur phone while listening music , except the headset but it while in gaming in after year of I found my favorite channel ! ! ! I watch all the old time before sleep ... I do n ' t now ur name but thanks for being here : D Comment from live in Poco is better why ? ? all new phone is the same ? ? like . ! why ? ? 😅😅😅 Song in : ? actually best possible decision for a buy , Ill never again spend more than € on a ! ! ! very happy with it and had it for I have a Nexus x but I intend to get the Mi A Lite but there are a few . Firstly , its a downgrade from a Snapdragon to a . Is the difference between the two going to have a significant impact on the experience / performance ? Also , the LITE version does n ' t have quick charging and is still . and I consider them a necessity at this point . Are there any out there that can share any similar from , because these so far are an issue for me from switching . It face unlock Android low key want a phone that like the X but don ’ t want the . Commence the hate . 😂 Please do a review on pro m . Mi A or X one is better ? ? like a but is actually worth . So this or note ? dislike = fan I am happy with my thats faster and better than this one Dude how can I get any of these on T Mobile I have a mi a I already have this since it was phone and i have main with it : - no this is so annoying - the phone size is over almost as big as note . - the notification light is always blinking even if i turned it off . The A Lite is better in my opinion . I currently have a Galaxy S , is the switch to the Mi A worth it ? nubia m I miss it I bought mi a two days ago , but the battery very fast to solve this . ? In this phone around Yesterday I bought the Lite version because of Android One and Try mi mix saw it ... bought it I ' m watching this video from my mi A . . Plus is and way better Pro M better from my point of view its + Please please please do a phone review . man why didnt you post this video a month ago : I just bought a phone for about a month ago Sad to say but any phone headphone jack its no for me Just get a nexus . be Why ca n ' t he unbox anything other than a phone o ; better than mi also price point watching from the future . Watching this from the note mi me too Please a Note video ! ! We want another video on POCO note perfect cell phone r crazy for mi . I Sweet , Plump everyday until , well I don ’ t really know how long ! But for a really long time ! Unbox the note is better than this and ! + if you agree Reason why Apple so much : Every company it Everyone it It the biggest in the industry Change my mind Ordered this Days ago from still do n ' t have it Hey L about . Plus comes with Android One and good hardware and in the same price range .. ? make the banana out of it .😉 I think you should try the g plus outside china / , the cost will add about or even more Mi A F : Which would you pick and why ? Hey can you do a comparison on Evolve , and Key L what if I to use Passport in there a phone which the crazy design of Passport .. to Portrait mode is good if you use it for a human being Worth that the + is Android One as well , and more than decent and build quality . And it was in the Pie beta and Pie stable in . you should do a video of the mi a lite too . note is a good phone for plus is much better than this phone unbox therapy the best ... it may not be very detailed but it is fun to watch I would love to visit one day , where is a good place to visit ? Just watched the Poco Phone on my Poco Phone I just can ’ t stand how the design is a of the . , it ’ s time to stop . The original is always the best . Hello ! You must try mi if it even better specs for almost same price I say this every budget phone video ! check out a company `` '' they cost far less than this phone and are better ! ! ! . Please check out . MI NOTE PRO IS BETTER THAN THIS PHONE ? WHO ? Why does he never test normal like making a phone call ? loud speaker when talking with someone ? Speaking with a lot of sound in the room .. or how nice it is to text with ? How often the keyboard you press wrong button and so on Mi note pro is better than a Pure Android ? Huge battery ? brand ? Try M . 😂 Can you please do a un - boxing and review of . You can try note pro or . plus Mi a lite a notch display too why does n ' t every android manufacturer use . It would be so much more worth while for many . Why no one is considering . plus , check it out man Have you the XI + yet ? If so which of these would you recommend ? Note pro . plus Wot you say for review 😂😂😆😛🤑🤑 How about NOTE PRO ? .. mine gig and gig is better Note or Mi A ? Very interesting after Can you give me this one ? ? That phone similar to X . Also , almost every phone are similar to X The music on these are getting more and more trash premium Stock android for the sophisticated Android , only OS which is with Ecosystem Watching this on my 😂😂 old but gold . : review Lew . I miss the old . , it luke from unbox therapy . 🤣 Hi can you please unbox the galaxy J make a video on x . plus Would this device work on the network ? Kudos for mid range too .. = Best bang for the buck ! Back camera + . correct it can you make a review of mi it battery power i want to know if its real or fake plus man ! Have it since June and this device ! Android One phone , great design , headphone jack , storage , great camera , battery is good ... And right now it ' s between -€ ! You have to unbox it ! 😉 The Note AI global version is a better choice . It ' s . a battery and a headphone jack . Can you give ? always watch your and i want a powerful phone not the potato phone 😭 from by the ways . Mi A lite ! ! Watching from mi a lite ... Watching this on Love ❤️❤️ It is + Lost me at pro pro M .. # Headphone jack . slot , dual g , with , , , . .. > Camera performance , , remote sensor . Watching this on a pro m with : D I love the budget segment thanks < pro m , storage ram , battery 🔋 Watching from my are crazy good honestly as good as my old s camera is better tho my grandma plus but i have really old one that is is good aswell it as a daily driver 🔥 I have been waiting and for unable to make a decision for my new phone . Here it is ! an order . i never used a or i stick with my mi a lewis , can you check out the new . Plus and make a video about it ... . at the same price point Mi really great , but some people are not able to see Mi ' s potential . I ' m glad Lew finally Mi . They ' re a really creative and generous company . Their have decent and they ' re actually worth it . I hope more people get to notice Mi . And hopefully , Mi stays as the innovative and generous company they ' always been . misleading us with `` Android One '' ... They give security , but with every patch we get new .. when I bought the phone , it was a awesome phone .. but day by day sound , battery were decreasing , ... . Lots of problem is there ... in , people are crazy for Android one . we want to use stock Android set .. but Sar is highest for so for wat is sar “ When I see something that and that intended . I GET REALLY excited . ” I wonder how much he from for saying such a thing . You can get pro M RAM variant . more than this in , but overall value for money against these one .😄😏😇😃👌 Better suggestion than a global version mid - range phone from China : . . . Usually goes for about on or , an insanely better camera best of and the latest version of Android . Pie and a headphone jack . Best phone under in my opinion . Can i ask u which phone of that good to ? ? ? Mi Hit Like ! promotion lew ?